# Why I don't like the phrase "Learn to Code"

## What Happened
If you regularly develop software you inevitably spend a fair amount of time searching online for documentation, people with similar errors, and even the occasional tutorial. Due to this search history Google has determined that I'm someone who's interested in improving my software development skills, which is true, and also that I'm a total n00b who wants to pay \$45 for some 'Complete Course Package in Python', which is not. My beef is not that I'm shown ads related to my search history, it's the price I pay for all of Google's 'free' services. No, my problem is with the content and language of many of these advertisements.

## Why it Irks Me
I can't count the number of ads that have included the phrase 'Learn to Code' or something similar. To me this is a nonsensical statement. It's like saying 'Learn to Math', or 'Learn to Research'. 


### Finish discuss of problem with 'code' here

Online ads are not the only place I've seen this. A number of recent news articles discussing the development of 'coding' curriculum's at many well-to-do high-schools and middle-schools. I'm not discounting the value of these courses, many significant figures (such as Andrew Ng https://twitter.com/AndrewYNg/status/427226000921878528) have discussed the importance of teaching programming skills in school. What bothers me is the misconception that if somebody can 'code' they are now employable in a position that requires significant programming.

## Programming vs. Coding
Many articles have already been written on this distinction so I won't go into depth here (https://info.jkcp.com/blog/coding-vs-programming). Exact definitions vary, but most agree that the skills for coding are a sub set those for programming. Coding simply involves writing a set of instructions in a language a computer can understand. Programming involves defining a problem, determining what instructions are needed to solve a problem, translating them into code, and validating that the resulting program solves the problem as initially defined. To give an analogy coding is like basic grammar, following a certain pre-defined set of rules in order to express a statement. Programming is then like writing an essay. It requires good grammar skills to produce a quality result but it also requires external knowledge and sources as well as an understanding of how to use those sources to support your argument.

## Why this Distinction Matters
Grammar is undeniably import for effective communication but I would argue it's not really a marketable skill. I think the same can be said of coding. Good grammar isn't enough for a career as a journalist or an author. They require good *writing*. Similarly knowledge of how to code is sufficient for a job as a software developer or site reliability engineer. You need to know how to *program*. We already have programs capable of translating clearly laid out and formatted instructions into a form computers can understand. They're called compilers or interpreters depending on the specific translation implementation. The value of a software developer comes from their ability to *develop* efficient and maintainable instructions that will solve what ever problem they are working on.

## Skills for a Programmer
Coding is often treated a first step towards learning how to program. I'm not saying that this is definitely the wrong approach but I'm also not convinced it's the right approach. It's true coding is a subset of programming but that doesn't mean that the other skills involved in programming build on top of it. Many of them are distinct. Some do not even fall within our traditional conceptions of what constitutes STEM fields. Entire books haven been written about these often overlooked skills (https://www.amazon.com/Soft-Skills-software-developers-manual/dp/1617292397) I would argue that despite depictions of developers as anti-social shut-ins, good communication skills are among the most important for doing a good job. It doesn't matter how clean your code is if you misunderstood the problem you were given to solve. It may be correct code but it's the wrong program.

## Problem Solving
I would argue that problem solving is the skill at the heart of many different professions and yet there are not many courses dedicated. This is likely because it's hard if not impossible to teach or learn problem solving as an abstract concept. To problem solve you must have a problem and that problem will tend to fall within a specific domain, that domain will then define the context for solving the problem. I think that students will have to understand the domain within programs are written i.e. Computer Science in order to problem solve in the context of programming. If you don't understand boolean logic, implicitly at least if not explicitly, you can't write any program. This is distinct from the skills of coding however. Coding refers to a particular implementation, not a concept in the abstract.

## Learn to English
You cannot 'Learn to Code' in general, you can only 'Learn to Code' in a specific language (or encoding). These language are often similar but can still vary wildly in syntax and semantics. Much like the theory of logical argument is larger than any particular language. You don't need to know French to construct an argument in Igbo. Similarly you don't need to know Java to write a program in Lisp. I would say that you don't even need to know a programming language (it occurs to me that coding language would be more accurate but even I am not pedantic enough to argue that). A student could write write a set of instructions in whatever natural language they know best and that would be a program. That solution would be a real as any written in C, admittedly it would be harder to test for correctness as a human would have to follow the instructions rather than a computer. However his type of assignment would teach the problem solving skills necessary without the additional task of 'Learning to Code'.

## So What's my Point
As with coding, in isolation this type of problem solving is insufficient to be valuable as a programmer. No one will higher someone who only writes instructions in languages humans understand (well some people will but that's a different job). So I am not saying that coding isn't an important skill, but that a course that only teaches you to code will not adequately prepare you for a position as a programmer. I think this is the reason that an introductory course in a language, say Python, is insufficient for someone to get a position as a Python developer but is likely going to be redundant for someone who has never coded in Python before but has extensive experience programming in other languages. 
