# Why computer scientists should work in research labs

## Proliferation of computational analysis
There are few areas of scientific research today that do not contain at least some computational analysis of their data. My field, genetics and genomics, could not exist without extensive use of computational analysis. It would be impossible for a human to manually analyze the approximately 3 billion base pairs in the human genome, let alone draw any kind of meaning from that analysis. Breakthroughs in this field have primarily been accomplished by processing these huge datasets into formats that a person can make sense of. The programs that perform this processing are as important as the person analyzing the results. Therefore, it's important that they are well written.

## Advantages of computer scientists
It doesn't take a computer science degree or equivalent experience to write a simple program. Many schools are teaching their students the basics of programming from an early age. Most degrees in STEM fields include at least a few courses in performing relevant computational analysis. However, there is a difference between having a basic understanding of how to write a program and being able to quickly and consistently develop the type of large and complex packages or applications that will be  where any fault can have major implications. A basic understanding of programming is not sufficient for these types of applications. Often programs written by those who lack proper experience can be inefficient, buggy, and nearly impossible to maintain once the original author inevitably leaves the lab they wrote it for. This should hardly be surprising information but it begs the question, why are so many of these roles filled by biologists, physicists, or other STEM graduates?

## There aren't enough CS graduates to meet the demand
I don't have any data so this is mostly speculation but I think the reason for the lack of experienced programmers is that most graduates go to work for private companies. Since there aren't many CS graduates available, labs often have to higher non-computational people to do the work. This isn't surprising, there are more developer jobs available than programmers to fill them. Jobs in industry typically have much higher pay, more benefits, and won't necessarily require additional degrees to move up the ranks. Programmers also may improve much faster in those environments where they are constantly working with and learning from senior developers. Much of this knowledge can be found online but it takes initiative to seek it out and self-discipline to follow it when there is no one looking over your shoulder. These are all compelling reasons to work for a private company, but there are advantages to working in academia.

## Benefits of a research lab
I think the most compelling reason by far is the nature of the work you can do in a research lab. The end goal of research is to expand the library of human knowledge and to use that knowledge to improve the lives of everyone. I'm not so naive as to think everyone's intentions are that pure, there are those who compromise those ideals to get rich. Every lab needs funding to continue to work so there is a push towards research that will get funded. But the majority of people I've met work here because they are curious about the world and want to uncover its secrets. They want to do work that will help people in meaningful ways, sometimes they have a personal connection to the issue they study, other times they just find the problem fascinating. So if you, like me, think the purpose of humanity is to expand our knowledge and understanding of the universe then consider taking a position in academia. We need you.


Ps. The pay in labs may be lower than at private companies but is still well above average if you can prove your worth.
