Installed Packages
GConf2.x86_64                                     3.2.6-21.fc29                          @fedora                   
GeoIP.x86_64                                      1.6.12-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
GeoIP-GeoLite-data.noarch                         2018.06-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
ImageMagick.x86_64                                1:6.9.9.38-3.fc29                      @fedora                   
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                            1:6.9.9.38-3.fc29                      @fedora                   
ImageMagick-c++-devel.x86_64                      1:6.9.9.38-3.fc29                      @fedora                   
ImageMagick-devel.x86_64                          1:6.9.9.38-3.fc29                      @fedora                   
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                           1:6.9.9.38-3.fc29                      @fedora                   
LibRaw.x86_64                                     0.19.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
Lmod.x86_64                                       7.8.9-1.fc29                           @updates                  
ModemManager.x86_64                               1.8.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                          1.8.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
NetworkManager.x86_64                             1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                        1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                   1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch  1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                       1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                 1.2.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64           1.2.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                     1:1.8.10-1.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64               1:1.8.10-1.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                        1:1.2.8-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.2.8-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                         1.2.7-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.7-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                        1:1.2.6-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.2.6-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                        1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                        1:1.12.6-5.fc29                        @updates                  
ORBit2.x86_64                                     2.14.19-20.fc29                        @fedora                   
OpenEXR-devel.x86_64                              2.2.0-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                               2.2.0-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
PackageKit.x86_64                                 1.1.12-2.fc29                          @updates                  
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64               1.1.12-2.fc29                          @updates                  
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                            1.1.12-2.fc29                          @updates                  
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                1.1.12-2.fc29                          @updates                  
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                     1.1.12-2.fc29                          @updates                  
R.x86_64                                          3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-assertthat.noarch                               0.2.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-cli.noarch                                      1.1.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-core.x86_64                                     3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-core-devel.x86_64                               3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-crayon.noarch                                   1.3.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
R-devel.x86_64                                    3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-fansi.x86_64                                    0.4.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-java.x86_64                                     3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-java-devel.x86_64                               3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
R-pillar.noarch                                   1.3.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
R-rlang.x86_64                                    0.2.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
R-utf8.x86_64                                     1.1.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
SDL.x86_64                                        1.2.15-37.fc29                         @updates                  
SDL-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.15-37.fc29                         @updates                  
SDL2.x86_64                                       2.0.9-1.fc29                           @updates                  
SuperLU.x86_64                                    5.2.1-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
VirtualBox-kmodsrc.noarch                         6.0.4-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
VirtualBox-server.x86_64                          6.0.4-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
Xaw3d.x86_64                                      1.6.2-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
Xaw3d-devel.x86_64                                1.6.2-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                    3.001-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
aalib-libs.x86_64                                 1.4.0-0.35.rc5.fc29                    @fedora                   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                    0.111-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
abrt.x86_64                                       2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                            2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.x86_64                 2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                      2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                      2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                          2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                            2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-cli.x86_64                                   2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                  2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-desktop.x86_64                               2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-gui.x86_64                                   2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                              2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                        1.1.1-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                  2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                          2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                        2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
abrt-tui.x86_64                                   2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
accountsservice.x86_64                            0.6.54-4.fc29                          @updates                  
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                       0.6.54-4.fc29                          @updates                  
acl.x86_64                                        2.2.53-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
adcli.x86_64                                      0.8.2-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                        20171205-4.fc29                        @fedora                   
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch             20171205-4.fc29                        @fedora                   
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                         20180407-2.fc29                        @fedora                   
adobe-release-x86_64.noarch                       1.0-1                                  @System                   
adobe-source-han-sans-cn-fonts.noarch             2.000-1.fc29                           @updates                  
adobe-source-han-sans-tw-fonts.noarch             2.000-1.fc29                           @updates                  
adobe-source-han-serif-cn-fonts.noarch            1.001-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
adobe-source-han-serif-tw-fonts.noarch            1.001-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                       3.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                         3.28-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                         3.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
adwaita-qt4.x86_64                                1.0-5.fc29                             @fedora                   
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.0-5.fc29                             @fedora                   
akmod-VirtualBox.x86_64                           6.0.4-4.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
akmods.noarch                                     0.5.6-19.fc29                          @updates                  
alacarte.noarch                                   3.11.91-11.fc29                        @fedora                   
alsa-lib.i686                                     1.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
alsa-lib.x86_64                                   1.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                             1.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.i686                      1.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                    1.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
alsa-ucm.noarch                                   1.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
alsa-utils.x86_64                                 1.1.8-2.fc29                           @updates                  
annobin.x86_64                                    8.23-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
ant.noarch                                        1.10.5-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
ant-lib.noarch                                    1.10.5-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
antigen.x86_64                                    2.2.3-1.1                              @shells_zsh-users_antigen 
appstream-data.noarch                             29-10.fc29                             @updates                  
apr.x86_64                                        1.6.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
apr-util.x86_64                                   1.6.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                               1.6.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                           1.6.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
apt.x86_64                                        0.5.15lorg3.95-33.git522.fc29          @fedora                   
argyllcms.x86_64                                  1.9.2-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
armadillo.x86_64                                  9.300.2-1.fc29                         @updates                  
arpack.x86_64                                     3.5.0-6.fc28                           @fedora                   
at.x86_64                                         3.1.23-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
at-spi2-atk.i686                                  2.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                2.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
at-spi2-core.i686                                 2.30.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
at-spi2-core.x86_64                               2.30.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
atk.i686                                          2.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
atk.x86_64                                        2.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
atkmm.x86_64                                      2.24.2-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
atlas.x86_64                                      3.10.3-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
atmel-firmware.noarch                             1.3-19.fc29                            @fedora                   
atop.x86_64                                       2.3.0-10.fc28                          @fedora                   
attr.x86_64                                       2.4.48-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
audit.x86_64                                      3.0-0.7.20190326git03e7489.fc29        @updates                  
audit-libs.x86_64                                 3.0-0.7.20190326git03e7489.fc29        @updates                  
augeas-libs.x86_64                                1.10.1-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
authselect.x86_64                                 1.0.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
authselect-compat.x86_64                          1.0.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
authselect-libs.x86_64                            1.0.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
autoconf.noarch                                   2.69-28.fc29                           @fedora                   
autocorr-en.noarch                                1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
automake.noarch                                   1.16.1-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
avahi.x86_64                                      0.7-16.fc29                            @fedora                   
avahi-glib.x86_64                                 0.7-16.fc29                            @fedora                   
avahi-libs.i686                                   0.7-16.fc29                            @fedora                   
avahi-libs.x86_64                                 0.7-16.fc29                            @fedora                   
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                               019-14.fc29                            @fedora                   
b43-openfwwf.noarch                               5.2-20.fc29                            @fedora                   
babl.x86_64                                       0.1.62-1.fc29                          @updates                  
baobab.x86_64                                     3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
basesystem.noarch                                 11-6.fc29                              @fedora                   
bash.x86_64                                       4.4.23-6.fc29                          @updates                  
bash-completion.noarch                            1:2.8-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
bc.x86_64                                         1.07.1-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
beignet.x86_64                                    1.3.2-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
bind-export-libs.x86_64                           32:9.11.5-4.P4.fc29                    @updates                  
bind-libs.x86_64                                  32:9.11.5-4.P4.fc29                    @updates                  
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                             32:9.11.5-4.P4.fc29                    @updates                  
bind-license.noarch                               32:9.11.5-4.P4.fc29                    @updates                  
bind-utils.x86_64                                 32:9.11.5-4.P4.fc29                    @updates                  
binutils.x86_64                                   2.31.1-24.fc29                         @updates                  
bison.x86_64                                      3.0.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
blas.x86_64                                       3.8.0-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
bluez.x86_64                                      5.50-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
bluez-cups.x86_64                                 5.50-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
bluez-libs.x86_64                                 5.50-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                5.50-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
bolt.x86_64                                       0.7-1.fc29                             @updates                  
boost-chrono.x86_64                               1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-date-time.x86_64                            1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-filesystem.x86_64                           1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-iostreams.x86_64                            1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-locale.x86_64                               1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-program-options.x86_64                      1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-regex.x86_64                                1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-system.x86_64                               1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
boost-thread.x86_64                               1.66.0-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
brasero-libs.x86_64                               3.12.2-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
bridge-utils.x86_64                               1.6-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
brlapi.x86_64                                     0.6.7-31.fc29                          @updates                  
brltty.x86_64                                     5.6-31.fc29                            @updates                  
brotli.i686                                       1.0.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                4.20.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
bubblewrap.x86_64                                 0.3.1-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
bzip2.x86_64                                      1.0.6-28.fc29                          @fedora                   
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                1.0.6-28.fc29                          @fedora                   
bzip2-libs.i686                                   1.0.6-28.fc29                          @fedora                   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.6-28.fc29                          @fedora                   
c-ares.x86_64                                     1.13.0-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
ca-certificates.noarch                            2018.2.26-2.fc29                       @fedora                   
cairo.i686                                        1.16.0-3.fc29                          @updates                  
cairo.x86_64                                      1.16.0-3.fc29                          @updates                  
cairo-gobject.i686                                1.16.0-3.fc29                          @updates                  
cairo-gobject.x86_64                              1.16.0-3.fc29                          @updates                  
cairomm.x86_64                                    1.12.0-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
capstone.x86_64                                   3.0.5-2.fc29                           @updates                  
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                            10.2-28.fc29                           @fedora                   
celt051.x86_64                                    0.5.1.3-16.fc29                        @fedora                   
checkpolicy.x86_64                                2.8-3.fc29                             @updates                  
cheese.x86_64                                     2:3.30.0-2.fc29                        @fedora                   
cheese-libs.x86_64                                2:3.30.0-2.fc29                        @fedora                   
chkconfig.x86_64                                  1.10-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                         10.1-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
chromium.x86_64                                   73.0.3683.86-2.fc29                    @updates                  
chromium-common.x86_64                            73.0.3683.86-2.fc29                    @updates                  
chromium-libs.x86_64                              73.0.3683.86-2.fc29                    @updates                  
chromium-libs-media.x86_64                        73.0.3683.86-2.fc29                    @updates                  
chrony.x86_64                                     3.4-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
cifs-utils.x86_64                                 6.8-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
clang-libs.x86_64                                 7.0.1-6.fc29                           @updates                  
clang5.0-libs.x86_64                              5.0.1-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
clang6.0-libs.x86_64                              6.0.1-7.fc29                           @updates                  
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                      35.12.14971_0-1.fc29                   @updates                  
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                       2.3.3.4-33.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc29    @fedora                   
clucene-core.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-33.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc29    @fedora                   
clutter.x86_64                                    1.26.2-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
clutter-gst3.x86_64                               3.0.26-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                1.8.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
cmake.x86_64                                      3.14.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
cmake-data.noarch                                 3.14.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                           3.14.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                           3.14.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
cmark-lib.x86_64                                  0.28.3-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
cogl.x86_64                                       1.22.2-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
color-filesystem.noarch                           1-21.fc29                              @fedora                   
colord.x86_64                                     1.4.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
colord-gtk.x86_64                                 0.1.26-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
colord-libs.i686                                  1.4.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
colord-libs.x86_64                                1.4.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
compat-ffmpeg28.x86_64                            2.8.15-2.fc29                          @rpmfusion-free           
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                            5.1.5-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
compat-openssl10.x86_64                           1:1.0.2o-3.fc29                        @fedora                   
compiler-rt.x86_64                                7.0.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
comps-extras.noarch                               24-4.fc29                              @fedora                   
container-selinux.noarch                          2:2.94-1.git1e99f1d.fc29               @updates                  
containerd.io.x86_64                              1.2.5-3.1.fc29                         @docker-ce-stable         
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                           3.7-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
coreutils.x86_64                                  8.30-6.fc29                            @updates                  
coreutils-common.x86_64                           8.30-6.fc29                            @updates                  
corosync.x86_64                                   3.0.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
corosynclib.x86_64                                3.0.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
cpio.x86_64                                       2.12-9.fc29                            @fedora                   
cpp.x86_64                                        8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
cracklib.x86_64                                   2.9.6-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                             2.9.6-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
crda.x86_64                                       3.18_2018.05.31-5.fc29                 @fedora                   
cronie.x86_64                                     1.5.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
cronie-anacron.x86_64                             1.5.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
crontabs.noarch                                   1.11-17.20150630git.fc29               @fedora                   
crypto-policies.noarch                            20190211-2.gite3eacfc.fc29             @updates                  
cryptsetup.x86_64                                 2.0.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                            2.0.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
cups.x86_64                                       1:2.2.8-10.fc29                        @updates                  
cups-client.x86_64                                1:2.2.8-10.fc29                        @updates                  
cups-filesystem.noarch                            1:2.2.8-10.fc29                        @updates                  
cups-filters.x86_64                               1.20.3-12.fc29                         @updates                  
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                          1.20.3-12.fc29                         @updates                  
cups-ipptool.x86_64                               1:2.2.8-10.fc29                        @updates                  
cups-libs.i686                                    1:2.2.8-10.fc29                        @updates                  
cups-libs.x86_64                                  1:2.2.8-10.fc29                        @updates                  
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                             0.2.6-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
curl.x86_64                                       7.61.1-10.fc29                         @updates                  
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                 2.1.27-0.3rc7.fc29                     @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                          2.1.27-0.3rc7.fc29                     @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                               2.1.27-0.3rc7.fc29                     @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                             2.1.27-0.3rc7.fc29                     @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                           2.1.27-0.3rc7.fc29                     @fedora                   
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                64.1-1.fc29                            @updates                  
dbus.x86_64                                       1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbus-common.noarch                                1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbus-glib.x86_64                                  0.110-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
dbus-libs.i686                                    1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbus-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbus-tools.x86_64                                 1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbus-x11.x86_64                                   1:1.12.12-1.fc29                       @updates                  
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                                0.9.3-0.18.20150604.fc29               @fedora                   
dbxtool.x86_64                                    8-8.fc29                               @updates                  
dconf.i686                                        0.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
dconf.x86_64                                      0.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
dconf-editor.x86_64                               3.30.2-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
dcraw.x86_64                                      9.28.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
debian-keyring.noarch                             2017.7-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
debootstrap.noarch                                1.0.109-3.fc29                         @updates                  
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                        2.35-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                          2.35-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                     2.35-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                         2.35-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
deltarpm.x86_64                                   3.6-28.fc29                            @fedora                   
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                 29.0.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                  29.0.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                         0.23-9.fc29                            @fedora                   
device-mapper.x86_64                              1.02.154-1.fc29                        @updates                  
device-mapper-event.x86_64                        1.02.154-1.fc29                        @updates                  
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                   1.02.154-1.fc29                        @updates                  
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                         1.02.154-1.fc29                        @updates                  
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                    0.7.7-6.gitef6d98b.fc29                @updates                  
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64               0.7.7-6.gitef6d98b.fc29                @updates                  
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64              0.7.6-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
dhcp-client.x86_64                                12:4.3.6-29.fc29                       @updates                  
dhcp-common.noarch                                12:4.3.6-29.fc29                       @updates                  
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                  12:4.3.6-29.fc29                       @updates                  
diffutils.x86_64                                  3.6-5.fc29                             @fedora                   
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                      1.29-1.fc29                            @updates                  
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                             3.5.27-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                      0.3.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
dleyna-core.x86_64                                0.6.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
dleyna-server.x86_64                              0.6.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
dmenu.x86_64                                      4.9-1.fc29                             @updates                  
dmidecode.x86_64                                  1:3.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
dmraid.x86_64                                     1.0.0.rc16-40.fc29                     @fedora                   
dmraid-events.x86_64                              1.0.0.rc16-40.fc29                     @fedora                   
dnf.noarch                                        4.2.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
dnf-data.noarch                                   4.2.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.0.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
dnf-yum.noarch                                    4.2.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
dnsmasq.x86_64                                    2.79-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
docker-ce.x86_64                                  3:18.09.5-3.fc29                       @docker-ce-stable         
docker-ce-cli.x86_64                              1:18.09.5-3.fc29                       @docker-ce-stable         
dos2unix.x86_64                                   7.4.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
dosfstools.x86_64                                 4.1-6.fc29                             @fedora                   
dotconf.x86_64                                    1.3-19.fc29                            @fedora                   
dpkg.x86_64                                       1.18.25-8.fc29                         @updates                  
dracut.x86_64                                     049-26.git20181204.fc29                @updates                  
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                       049-26.git20181204.fc29                @updates                  
dracut-live.x86_64                                049-26.git20181204.fc29                @updates                  
dracut-network.x86_64                             049-26.git20181204.fc29                @updates                  
dwz.x86_64                                        0.12-9.fc29                            @fedora                   
dzen2.x86_64                                      0.8.5-22.20100104svn.fc29              @fedora                   
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                  1.44.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                             1.44.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
ebtables.x86_64                                   2.0.10-28.fc29                         @fedora                   
ed.x86_64                                         1.14.2-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                  20190308stable-1.fc29                  @updates                  
efi-filesystem.noarch                             3-3.fc29                               @fedora                   
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                            3-3.fc29                               @fedora                   
efibootmgr.x86_64                                 16-4.fc29                              @fedora                   
efivar.x86_64                                     37-1.fc29                              @updates                  
efivar-libs.x86_64                                37-1.fc29                              @updates                  
elfutils.x86_64                                   0.176-1.fc29                           @updates                  
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                0.176-1.fc29                           @updates                  
elfutils-libelf.i686                              0.176-1.fc29                           @updates                  
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                            0.176-1.fc29                           @updates                  
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                      0.176-1.fc29                           @updates                  
elfutils-libs.x86_64                              0.176-1.fc29                           @updates                  
emacs-filesystem.noarch                           1:26.1-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
enca.x86_64                                       1.19-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
enchant.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-21.fc29                        @fedora                   
enchant2.x86_64                                   2.2.3-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
environment-modules.x86_64                        4.2.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
eog.x86_64                                        3.28.4-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
eosrei-emojione-fonts.noarch                      1.0-7.fc29                             @fedora                   
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                           1:3.30.3-1.fc29                        @updates                  
esmtp.x86_64                                      1.2-12.fc29                            @fedora                   
espeak.x86_64                                     1.48.04-14.fc29                        @fedora                   
espeak-ng.x86_64                                  1.49.2-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
ethtool.x86_64                                    2:4.17-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
evince.x86_64                                     3.30.2-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evince-djvu.x86_64                                3.30.2-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evince-libs.x86_64                                3.30.2-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evince-nautilus.x86_64                            3.30.2-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evolution.x86_64                                  3.30.5-1.fc29                          @updates                  
evolution-data-server.x86_64                      3.30.5-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch            3.30.5-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evolution-ews.x86_64                              3.30.5-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evolution-ews-langpacks.noarch                    3.30.5-2.fc29                          @updates                  
evolution-langpacks.noarch                        3.30.5-1.fc29                          @updates                  
exempi.x86_64                                     2.4.5-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
exiv2.x86_64                                      0.26-12.fc29                           @fedora                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                 0.26-12.fc29                           @fedora                   
expat.i686                                        2.2.6-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
expat.x86_64                                      2.2.6-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
expat-devel.x86_64                                2.2.6-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
f27-backgrounds-base.noarch                       27.0.1-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
f27-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                      27.0.1-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
f28-backgrounds-base.noarch                       28.1.5-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
f28-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                      28.1.5-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
f29-backgrounds-base.noarch                       29.1.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
f29-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                      29.1.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
faad2-libs.x86_64                                 1:2.8.8-2.fc29                         @rpmfusion-free           
fakeroot.x86_64                                   1.23-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                              1.23-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
fasd.noarch                                       1.0.1-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                 1.0.32-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                           28-2.fc28                              @System                   
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                            29-5                                   @updates                  
fedora-logos.x86_64                               28.0.3-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                         28.0.3-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
fedora-obsolete-packages.noarch                   29-22                                  @fedora                   
fedora-package-config-apt.noarch                  16.00-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
fedora-release.noarch                             29-7                                   @updates                  
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                 29-7                                   @updates                  
fedora-repos.noarch                               29-5                                   @updates                  
fedora-rpm-macros.noarch                          26-5.fc29                              @fedora                   
fedora-user-agent-chrome.noarch                   0.0.0.4-5.fc29                         @fedora                   
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch             1.1-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch            29-1.fc29                              @fedora                   
ffmpeg.x86_64                                     4.0.4-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                4.0.4-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                           3.3.8-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                           3.3.8-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
file.x86_64                                       5.34-13.fc29                           @updates                  
file-libs.x86_64                                  5.34-13.fc29                           @updates                  
file-roller.x86_64                                3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
file-roller-nautilus.x86_64                       3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
filesystem.x86_64                                 3.9-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
findutils.x86_64                                  1:4.6.0-21.fc29                        @updates                  
fipscheck.x86_64                                  1.5.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                              1.5.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
firefox.x86_64                                    66.0.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
firewalld.noarch                                  0.6.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                       0.6.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
flac-libs.i686                                    1.3.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
flac-libs.x86_64                                  1.3.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
flash-plugin.x86_64                               32.0.0.171-release                     @adobe-linux-x86_64       
flatpak.x86_64                                    1.2.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
flatpak-libs.x86_64                               1.2.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                     3.1-19.fc29                            @fedora                   
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                         3.1-19.fc29                            @fedora                   
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                            1.1.11-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
folks.x86_64                                      1:0.11.4-8.fc29                        @fedora                   
fontconfig.i686                                   2.13.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
fontconfig.x86_64                                 2.13.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                           2.13.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                    1.44-22.fc29                           @fedora                   
foomatic.x86_64                                   4.0.13-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
foomatic-db.noarch                                4.0-61.20180228.fc29                   @fedora                   
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                     4.0-61.20180228.fc29                   @fedora                   
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                           4.0-61.20180228.fc29                   @fedora                   
fpaste.noarch                                     0.3.9.2-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.1-5.fc29                             @fedora                   
fprintd.x86_64                                    0.8.1-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                0.8.1-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
freeglut.x86_64                                   3.0.0-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
freeglut-devel.x86_64                             3.0.0-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
freerdp-libs.x86_64                               2:2.0.0-49.20190304git435872b.fc29     @updates                  
freetype.i686                                     2.9.1-6.fc29                           @updates                  
freetype.x86_64                                   2.9.1-6.fc29                           @updates                  
freetype-devel.x86_64                             2.9.1-6.fc29                           @updates                  
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                             1.6.1-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
fribidi.i686                                      1.0.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
fribidi.x86_64                                    1.0.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
fros.noarch                                       1.1-17.fc29                            @fedora                   
fros-gnome.noarch                                 1.1-17.fc29                            @fedora                   
ftp.x86_64                                        0.17-79.fc29                           @updates                  
fuse.x86_64                                       2.9.9-2.fc29                           @updates                  
fuse-common.x86_64                                3.4.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
fuse-libs.x86_64                                  2.9.9-2.fc29                           @updates                  
fuse-sshfs.x86_64                                 3.5.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
fuse3.x86_64                                      3.4.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                 3.4.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
fwupd.x86_64                                      1.2.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
fwupdate-efi.x86_64                               11-4.fc29                              @fedora                   
fwupdate-libs.x86_64                              11-4.fc29                              @fedora                   
gamemode.i686                                     1.2-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
gamemode.x86_64                                   1.2-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
gamin.x86_64                                      0.1.10-32.fc29                         @fedora                   
gavl.x86_64                                       1.4.0-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
gawk.x86_64                                       4.2.1-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
gc.x86_64                                         7.6.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
gcc.x86_64                                        8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
gcc-c++.x86_64                                    8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                               8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
gcr.x86_64                                        3.28.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gd.x86_64                                         2.2.5-7.fc29                           @updates                  
gd-devel.x86_64                                   2.2.5-7.fc29                           @updates                  
gdb-headless.x86_64                               8.2-6.fc29                             @updates                  
gdbm.x86_64                                       1:1.18-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.18-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.18-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gdisk.x86_64                                      1.0.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                  2.38.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                2.38.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                          2.38.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                        2.38.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gdm.x86_64                                        1:3.30.3-1.fc29                        @updates                  
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                      10.24-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
gedit.x86_64                                      2:3.30.2-1.fc29                        @updates                  
gegl.x86_64                                       0.2.0-38.fc28                          @System                   
gegl04.x86_64                                     0.4.14-1.fc29                          @updates                  
genisoimage.x86_64                                1.1.11-40.fc29                         @fedora                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                   2.4.13-1.fc29                          @updates                  
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                              2.4.13-1.fc29                          @updates                  
geocode-glib.x86_64                               3.26.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
geolite2-city.noarch                              20190205-1.fc29                        @updates                  
geolite2-country.noarch                           20190205-1.fc29                        @updates                  
gettext.x86_64                                    0.19.8.1-18.fc29                       @updates                  
gettext-libs.x86_64                               0.19.8.1-18.fc29                       @updates                  
gfbgraph.x86_64                                   0.2.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-Glob.x86_64                                   0.9.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-HTTP.x86_64                                   4000.3.12-1.fc29                       @fedora                   
ghc-JuicyPixels.x86_64                            3.2.9.5-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-QuickCheck.x86_64                             2.10.1-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-SHA.x86_64                                    1.6.4.4-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-aeson.x86_64                                  1.2.4.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-aeson-pretty.x86_64                           0.8.7-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-ansi-terminal.x86_64                          0.8.0.4-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-array.x86_64                                  0.5.2.0-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-asn1-encoding.x86_64                          0.9.5-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-asn1-parse.x86_64                             0.9.4-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-asn1-types.x86_64                             0.3.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-async.x86_64                                  2.1.1.1-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-attoparsec.x86_64                             0.13.2.2-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-base.x86_64                                   4.10.1.0-70.fc29                       @updates                  
ghc-base-compat.x86_64                            0.9.3-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-base64-bytestring.x86_64                      1.0.0.1-15.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-basement.x86_64                               0.0.8-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-binary.x86_64                                 0.8.5.1-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-blaze-builder.x86_64                          0.4.1.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-blaze-html.x86_64                             0.9.1.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-blaze-markup.x86_64                           0.8.2.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-byteable.x86_64                               0.1.1-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-bytestring.x86_64                             0.10.8.2-70.fc29                       @updates                  
ghc-case-insensitive.x86_64                       1.2.0.11-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-cereal.x86_64                                 0.5.5.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-cmark.x86_64                                  0.5.6-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-cmark-gfm.x86_64                              0.1.4-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-colour.x86_64                                 2.3.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-conduit.x86_64                                1.3.0.3-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-connection.x86_64                             0.2.8-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-containers.x86_64                             0.5.10.2-70.fc29                       @updates                  
ghc-cookie.x86_64                                 0.4.4-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-cryptonite.x86_64                             0.25-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
ghc-data-default.x86_64                           0.7.1.1-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-data-default-class.x86_64                     0.1.2.0-6.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-data-default-instances-containers.x86_64      0.0.1-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-data-default-instances-dlist.x86_64           0.0.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale.x86_64      0.0.1-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-deepseq.x86_64                                1.4.3.0-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-digest.x86_64                                 0.0.1.2-15.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-directory.x86_64                              1.3.0.2-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-dlist.x86_64                                  0.8.0.4-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-doctemplates.x86_64                           0.2.2.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-enclosed-exceptions.x86_64                    1.0.3-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-exceptions.x86_64                             0.8.3-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-extensible-exceptions.x86_64                  0.1.1.4-25.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-filemanip.x86_64                              0.3.6.3-10.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-filepath.x86_64                               1.4.1.2-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-foundation.x86_64                             0.0.21-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-ghc-boot-th.x86_64                            8.2.2-70.fc29                          @updates                  
ghc-haddock-library.x86_64                        1.4.5-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-hashable.x86_64                               1.2.7.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-highlighting-kate.x86_64                      0.6.4-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-hourglass.x86_64                              0.2.11-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-hslua.x86_64                                  0.9.5.2-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-hslua-module-text.x86_64                      0.1.2.1-6.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-http-client.x86_64                            0.5.13.1-4.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-http-client-tls.x86_64                        0.3.5.3-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-http-types.x86_64                             0.12.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-hxt.x86_64                                    9.3.1.16-5.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-hxt-charproperties.x86_64                     9.2.0.1-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema.x86_64                    9.2.0.3-6.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-hxt-unicode.x86_64                            9.0.2.4-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-integer-logarithms.x86_64                     1.0.2.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-lifted-base.x86_64                            0.2.3.12-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-memory.x86_64                                 0.14.16-3.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-mime-types.x86_64                             0.1.0.8-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-mmorph.x86_64                                 1.1.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-monad-control.x86_64                          1.0.2.3-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-mono-traversable.x86_64                       1.0.8.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-mtl.x86_64                                    2.2.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-network.x86_64                                2.6.3.6-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-network-uri.x86_64                            2.6.1.0-10.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-old-locale.x86_64                             1.0.0.7-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-old-time.x86_64                               1.1.0.3-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-pandoc.x86_64                                 2.1.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-pandoc-types.x86_64                           1.17.3.1-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-parsec.x86_64                                 3.1.13.0-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-pcre-light.x86_64                             0.4.0.4-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-pem.x86_64                                    0.2.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-pretty.x86_64                                 1.1.3.3-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-primitive.x86_64                              0.6.4.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-process.x86_64                                1.6.1.0-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-random.x86_64                                 1.1-8.fc29                             @fedora                   
ghc-regex-base.x86_64                             0.93.2-41.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-regex-pcre.x86_64                             0.94.4-21.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-resourcet.x86_64                              1.2.1-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-safe.x86_64                                   0.3.17-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-scientific.x86_64                             0.3.6.2-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-semigroups.x86_64                             0.18.5-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-skylighting.x86_64                            0.6-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
ghc-socks.x86_64                                  0.5.6-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-split.x86_64                                  0.2.3.3-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.4.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-stm.x86_64                                    2.4.5.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-streaming-commons.x86_64                      0.1.19-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-syb.x86_64                                    0.7-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
ghc-tagged.x86_64                                 0.8.6-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-tagsoup.x86_64                                0.14.6-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-template-haskell.x86_64                       2.12.0.0-70.fc29                       @updates                  
ghc-temporary.x86_64                              1.2.1.1-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-texmath.x86_64                                0.10.1.2-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-text.x86_64                                   1.2.3.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-tf-random.x86_64                              0.5-12.fc29                            @fedora                   
ghc-th-abstraction.x86_64                         0.2.8.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-time.x86_64                                   1.8.0.2-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-time-locale-compat.x86_64                     0.1.1.4-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-tls.x86_64                                    1.4.1-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-transformers.x86_64                           0.5.2.0-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-transformers-base.x86_64                      0.4.4-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-transformers-compat.x86_64                    0.5.1.4-6.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-unix.x86_64                                   2.7.2.2-70.fc29                        @updates                  
ghc-unix-compat.x86_64                            0.5.0.1-5.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-unliftio-core.x86_64                          0.1.1.0-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-unordered-containers.x86_64                   0.2.9.0-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-utf8-string.x86_64                            1.0.1.1-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-uuid-types.x86_64                             1.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-vector.x86_64                                 0.12.0.1-4.fc29                        @fedora                   
ghc-vector-algorithms.x86_64                      0.7.0.1-5.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-x509.x86_64                                   1.7.3-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-x509-store.x86_64                             1.6.6-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-x509-system.x86_64                            1.6.6-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-x509-validation.x86_64                        1.6.10-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-xml.x86_64                                    1.3.14-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
ghc-yaml.x86_64                                   0.8.32-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
ghc-zip-archive.x86_64                            0.3.3-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghc-zlib.x86_64                                   0.6.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
ghostscript.x86_64                                9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
ghostscript-core.x86_64                           9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                    9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                 9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                            9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
giflib.x86_64                                     5.1.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
giflib-devel.x86_64                               5.1.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
gimp.x86_64                                       2:2.10.8-5.fc29                        @updates                  
gimp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.10.8-5.fc29                        @updates                  
git.x86_64                                        2.20.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
git-core.x86_64                                   2.20.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
git-core-doc.noarch                               2.20.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gjs.x86_64                                        1.54.3-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gl-manpages.noarch                                1.1-16.20161227.fc29                   @fedora                   
glib-networking.i686                              2.58.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
glib-networking.x86_64                            2.58.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
glib2.i686                                        2.58.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
glib2.x86_64                                      2.58.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
glibc.i686                                        2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibc.x86_64                                      2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                        2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibc-common.x86_64                               2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibc-devel.x86_64                                2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibc-headers.x86_64                              2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                          2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
glibmm24.x86_64                                   2.58.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
glusterfs.x86_64                                  5.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
glusterfs-api.x86_64                              5.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                              5.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                   5.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                             5.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                             5.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
glx-utils.x86_64                                  8.4.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
gmime30.x86_64                                    3.2.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
gmp.i686                                          1:6.1.2-9.fc29                         @updates                  
gmp.x86_64                                        1:6.1.2-9.fc29                         @updates                  
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                           4-6.fc29                               @fedora                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                 1.2.6-8.fc29                           @updates                  
gnome-autoar.x86_64                               0.2.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                          3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                            1:3.28.2-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                       1:3.28.2-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                3.30.3-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-calculator.x86_64                           3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-calendar.x86_64                             3.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-characters.x86_64                           3.30.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-classic-session.noarch                      3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-clocks.x86_64                               3.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                        3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-contacts.x86_64                             3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-control-center.x86_64                       3.30.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch            3.30.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                             3.30.2.1-1.fc29                        @updates                  
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                         3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-documents.x86_64                            3.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-documents-libs.x86_64                       3.30.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                          3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                 3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                           3.12.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                        3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-keyring.x86_64                              3.28.2-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                          3.28.2-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-logs.x86_64                                 3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-maps.x86_64                                 3.30.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-menus.x86_64                                3.13.3-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                      3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                        3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                       0.1.6-2.fc29                           @updates                  
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                           3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-session.x86_64                              3.30.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64              3.30.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                     3.30.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                      3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-shell.x86_64                                3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-shell-extension-alternate-tab.noarch        3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch            3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch      3.24.0-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch               3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch  3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch          3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-pomodoro.x86_64             0.14.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch           3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch          3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-software.x86_64                             3.30.6-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                       3.30.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-terminal.x86_64                             3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                    3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                         3.28-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
gnome-todo.x86_64                                 3.28.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-tweaks.noarch                               3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-user-docs.noarch                            3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnome-user-share.x86_64                           3.28.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                                 2.24.4-27.fc29                         @fedora                   
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                          2.24.4-27.fc29                         @fedora                   
gnome-video-effects.noarch                        0.4.3-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
gnome-weather.noarch                              3.26.0-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                      20120503-19.fc29                       @fedora                   
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                        20120503-19.fc29                       @fedora                   
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                        20120503-19.fc29                       @fedora                   
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                       20120503-19.fc29                       @fedora                   
gnumeric.x86_64                                   1:1.12.44-2.fc29                       @updates                  
gnupg.x86_64                                      1.4.23-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gnupg2.x86_64                                     2.2.13-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                               2.2.13-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gnustep-base.x86_64                               1.25.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
gnustep-base-libs.x86_64                          1.25.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
gnutls.i686                                       3.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
gnutls.x86_64                                     3.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
go-srpm-macros.noarch                             2-18.fc29                              @fedora                   
gobject-introspection.x86_64                      1.58.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
goffice.x86_64                                    0.10.44-1.fc29                         @updates                  
gom.x86_64                                        0.3.3-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
google-android-emoji-fonts.noarch                 1.01-0.12.20120228git.fc29             @fedora                   
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch             1.002-0.11.20130214.fc29               @fedora                   
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch             1.103-0.9.20130920.fc29                @fedora                   
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                    20120715-14.fc29                       @fedora                   
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch              20180814-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                    20180814-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                   20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch             20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch        20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch             20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch             20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch            20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch            20170919-2.fc29                        @updates                  
google-play-music-desktop-player.x86_64           4.4.1-1                                @@commandline             
googlecl.noarch                                   0.9.14-12.fc29                         @fedora                   
gperftools-libs.x86_64                            2.7-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
gpgme.x86_64                                      1.12.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gpgmepp.x86_64                                    1.12.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
gpm-libs.x86_64                                   1.20.7-16.fc29                         @fedora                   
graphite2.i686                                    1.3.10-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
graphite2.x86_64                                  1.3.10-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
grep.x86_64                                       3.1-8.fc29                             @fedora                   
grilo.x86_64                                      0.3.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
grilo-plugins.x86_64                              0.3.8-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
groff-base.x86_64                                 1.22.3-17.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-common.noarch                               1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                             1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                      1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                              1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                       1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-pc.x86_64                                   1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                           1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                            1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                          1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                        1:2.02-62.fc29                         @fedora                   
grubby.x86_64                                     8.40-18.fc29                           @fedora                   
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                  3.28.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
gsl.x86_64                                        2.4-7.fc29                             @fedora                   
gsl-devel.x86_64                                  2.4-7.fc29                             @fedora                   
gsm.i686                                          1.0.18-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
gsm.x86_64                                        1.0.18-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
gsound.x86_64                                     1.0.2-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
gspell.x86_64                                     1.8.1-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
gssdp.x86_64                                      1.0.2-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
gssproxy.x86_64                                   0.8.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
gstreamer1.x86_64                                 1.14.4-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gstreamer1-libav.x86_64                           1.14.4-1.fc29                          @rpmfusion-free           
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                1.14.4-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-fluidsynth.x86_64     1.14.4-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                    1.14.4-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                    1.14.4-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                1.14.4-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                 1.14.4-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64               1.14.4-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                      3.24.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                   0.9.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
gtk2.i686                                         2.24.32-4.fc29                         @updates                  
gtk2.x86_64                                       2.24.32-4.fc29                         @updates                  
gtk3.i686                                         3.24.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
gtk3.x86_64                                       3.24.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
gtkmm24.x86_64                                    2.24.5-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
gtkmm30.x86_64                                    3.22.2-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
gtksourceview3.x86_64                             3.24.9-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
gtkspell3.x86_64                                  3.0.10-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
guile.x86_64                                      5:2.0.14-12.fc29                       @fedora                   
gupnp.x86_64                                      1.0.3-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
gupnp-av.x86_64                                   0.12.10-6.fc29                         @fedora                   
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                 0.10.5-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                  0.2.5-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
gutenprint.x86_64                                 5.2.14-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                            5.2.14-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                            5.2.14-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
gvfs.x86_64                                       1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                   1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                   1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-archive.x86_64                               1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-client.x86_64                                1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                  1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                   1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                               1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                   1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                   1.38.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
gvnc.x86_64                                       0.9.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
gzip.x86_64                                       1.9-9.fc29                             @updates                  
hardlink.x86_64                                   1:1.3-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
harfbuzz.i686                                     1.8.7-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
harfbuzz.x86_64                                   1.8.7-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                               1.8.7-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
hdf5.x86_64                                       1.8.20-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
hdparm.x86_64                                     9.56-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
hesiod.x86_64                                     3.2.1-14.fc29                          @updates                  
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                              540.1.linux3-16.fc29                   @fedora                   
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                         0.17-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
highlight.x86_64                                  3.50-1.fc29                            @updates                  
hostname.x86_64                                   3.20-7.fc29                            @updates                  
hplip.x86_64                                      3.18.12-9.fc29                         @updates                  
hplip-common.x86_64                               3.18.12-9.fc29                         @updates                  
hplip-libs.x86_64                                 3.18.12-9.fc29                         @updates                  
htop.x86_64                                       2.2.0-3.fc29                           @updates                  
http-parser.x86_64                                2.9.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
httpd.x86_64                                      2.4.39-2.fc29                          @updates                  
httpd-filesystem.noarch                           2.4.39-2.fc29                          @updates                  
httpd-tools.x86_64                                2.4.39-2.fc29                          @updates                  
hunspell.x86_64                                   1.6.2-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
hunspell-en.noarch                                0.20140811.1-13.fc29                   @fedora                   
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                             0.20140811.1-13.fc29                   @fedora                   
hunspell-en-US.noarch                             0.20140811.1-13.fc29                   @fedora                   
hwdata.noarch                                     0.322-1.fc29                           @updates                  
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                 1.11.12-1.fc29                         @updates                  
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                             0-0.28.20190303git.fc29                @updates                  
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                     0-0.28.20190303git.fc29                @updates                  
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                               0-0.28.20190303git.fc29                @updates                  
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                 0-0.28.20190303git.fc29                @updates                  
hypervvssd.x86_64                                 0-0.28.20190303git.fc29                @updates                  
hyphen.x86_64                                     2.8.8-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
hyphen-en.noarch                                  2.8.8-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
i3.x86_64                                         4.16-1.fc29                            @updates                  
i3status.x86_64                                   2.12-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
ibus.x86_64                                       1.5.19-16.fc29                         @updates                  
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                  1.5.19-16.fc29                         @updates                  
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                  1.5.19-16.fc29                         @updates                  
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                1.5.1-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                   1.5.22-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                             1.11.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
ibus-libs.x86_64                                  1.5.19-16.fc29                         @updates                  
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                             1.9.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                  1.4.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
ibus-qt.x86_64                                    1.3.3-20.fc29                          @fedora                   
ibus-rawcode.x86_64                               1.3.2-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
ibus-setup.noarch                                 1.5.19-16.fc29                         @updates                  
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                        2.6.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
ibus-wayland.x86_64                               1.5.19-16.fc29                         @updates                  
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                           2.5-1.fc29                             @updates                  
ilmbase.x86_64                                    2.2.0-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
ilmbase-devel.x86_64                              2.2.0-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                              1.1-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
info.x86_64                                       6.5-11.fc29                            @fedora                   
initscripts.x86_64                                10.01-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
iotop.noarch                                      0.6-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
ipcalc.x86_64                                     0.2.4-4.fc29                           @updates                  
iproute.x86_64                                    4.20.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
iproute-tc.x86_64                                 4.20.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
ipset.x86_64                                      6.38-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
ipset-libs.x86_64                                 6.38-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
iptables.x86_64                                   1.8.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
iptables-libs.x86_64                              1.8.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                  1.1.4-20.fc29                          @fedora                   
iptstate.x86_64                                   2.2.6-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
iputils.x86_64                                    20180629-2.fc29                        @fedora                   
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                           1.3-23.fc29                            @fedora                   
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                           3.1-16.fc29                            @fedora                   
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                             20170710-5.git0600d3ae.fc29            @fedora                   
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                      6.2.0.876-5.gitf3c8e90.fc29            @fedora                   
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64             6.2.0.876-5.gitf3c8e90.fc29            @fedora                   
isl.x86_64                                        0.16.1-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                            0.97-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
iso-codes.noarch                                  3.79-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
iw.x86_64                                         4.14-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
iwl100-firmware.noarch                            39.31.5.1-94.fc29                      @updates                  
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                           1:39.31.5.1-94.fc29                    @updates                  
iwl105-firmware.noarch                            18.168.6.1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl135-firmware.noarch                            18.168.6.1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                           1:25.30.13.0-94.fc29                   @updates                  
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                           15.32.2.9-94.fc29                      @updates                  
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                           228.61.2.24-94.fc29                    @updates                  
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                           8.83.5.1_1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                           8.24.2.2-94.fc29                       @updates                  
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                           9.221.4.1-94.fc29                      @updates                  
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-94.fc29                     @updates                  
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                           41.28.5.1-94.fc29                      @updates                  
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                           1:25.30.13.0-94.fc29                   @updates                  
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                  1.9.12-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
jansson.x86_64                                    2.11-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
jasper-devel.x86_64                               2.0.14-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
jasper-libs.i686                                  2.0.14-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
jasper-libs.x86_64                                2.0.14-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                         1:1.8.0.201.b09-6.fc29                 @updates                  
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.x86_64                   1:1.8.0.201.b09-6.fc29                 @updates                  
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                1:1.8.0.201.b09-6.fc29                 @updates                  
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                    5.3.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
javapackages-tools.noarch                         5.3.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                              0.14-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
jbigkit-libs.i686                                 2.1-15.fc29                            @updates                  
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                               2.1-15.fc29                            @updates                  
jemalloc.x86_64                                   5.1.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
jimtcl.x86_64                                     0.78-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                            0.003-25.fc29                          @fedora                   
js-jquery.noarch                                  3.2.1-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
json-c.x86_64                                     0.13.1-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
json-glib.i686                                    1.4.4-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
json-glib.x86_64                                  1.4.4-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
jsoncpp.x86_64                                    1.8.4-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                1:7.200-5.fc29                         @updates                  
jwhois.x86_64                                     4.0-55.fc29                            @updates                  
kbd.x86_64                                        2.0.4-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
kbd-legacy.noarch                                 2.0.4-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
kbd-misc.noarch                                   2.0.4-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
kernel.x86_64                                     5.0.5-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel.x86_64                                     5.0.6-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel.x86_64                                     5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                                5.0.5-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                                5.0.6-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                                5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-devel.x86_64                               5.0.5-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-devel.x86_64                               5.0.6-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-devel.x86_64                               5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-headers.x86_64                             5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                             5.0.5-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                             5.0.6-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                             5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                       5.0.5-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                       5.0.6-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                       5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-tools.x86_64                               5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                          5.0.7-200.fc29                         @updates                  
kexec-tools.x86_64                                2.0.17-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
keyrings-filesystem.noarch                        1-9.fc29                               @fedora                   
keyutils.x86_64                                   1.5.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
keyutils-libs.i686                                1.5.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                              1.5.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                        1.5.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                         5.0-26.fc29                            @fedora                   
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                       5.0-26.fc29                            @fedora                   
kmod.x86_64                                       25-3.fc29                              @fedora                   
kmod-VirtualBox-5.0.5-200.fc29.x86_64.x86_64      6.0.4-4.fc29                           @@commandline             
kmod-VirtualBox-5.0.6-200.fc29.x86_64.x86_64      6.0.4-4.fc29                           @@commandline             
kmod-VirtualBox-5.0.7-200.fc29.x86_64.x86_64      6.0.4-4.fc29                           @@commandline             
kmod-libs.x86_64                                  25-3.fc29                              @fedora                   
kmodtool.noarch                                   1-33.fc29                              @updates                  
kpartx.x86_64                                     0.7.7-6.gitef6d98b.fc29                @updates                  
krb5-devel.x86_64                                 1.16.1-25.fc29                         @updates                  
krb5-libs.i686                                    1.16.1-25.fc29                         @updates                  
krb5-libs.x86_64                                  1.16.1-25.fc29                         @updates                  
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                          1.2.77-1.fc29                          @updates                  
ladspa.x86_64                                     1.13-21.fc29                           @fedora                   
ladspa-swh-plugins.x86_64                         0.4.17-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
lame-libs.x86_64                                  3.100-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
langpacks-en.noarch                               1.0-13.fc29                            @fedora                   
langtable.noarch                                  0.0.41-1.fc29                          @updates                  
lapack.x86_64                                     3.8.0-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
lasem.x86_64                                      0.4.3-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
latexmk.noarch                                    4.63-1.fc29                            @updates                  
lcms2.i686                                        2.9-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
lcms2.x86_64                                      2.9-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
lcms2-devel.x86_64                                2.9-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
less.x86_64                                       530-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
libICE.i686                                       1.0.9-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libICE.x86_64                                     1.0.9-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libICE-devel.x86_64                               1.0.9-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libIDL.x86_64                                     0.8.14-16.fc29                         @fedora                   
libRmath.x86_64                                   3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libRmath-devel.x86_64                             3.5.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libSM.i686                                        1.2.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libSM.x86_64                                      1.2.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libSM-devel.x86_64                                1.2.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libX11.i686                                       1.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libX11.x86_64                                     1.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libX11-common.noarch                              1.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libX11-devel.x86_64                               1.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libX11-xcb.i686                                   1.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                 1.6.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libXScrnSaver.i686                                1.2.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                              1.2.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                        1.2.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXau.i686                                       1.0.8-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXau.x86_64                                     1.0.8-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXau-devel.x86_64                               1.0.8-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXaw.x86_64                                     1.0.13-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
libXaw-devel.x86_64                               1.0.13-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
libXcomposite.i686                                0.4.4-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXcomposite.x86_64                              0.4.4-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                        0.4.4-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXcursor.i686                                   1.1.15-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXcursor.x86_64                                 1.1.15-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                           1.1.15-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXdamage.i686                                   1.1.4-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXdamage.x86_64                                 1.1.4-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                           1.1.4-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXdmcp.x86_64                                   1.1.2-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXdmcp-devel.x86_64                             1.1.2-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXevie.x86_64                                   1.0.3-14.fc27                          @fedora                   
libXevie-devel.x86_64                             1.0.3-14.fc27                          @fedora                   
libXext.i686                                      1.3.3-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXext.x86_64                                    1.3.3-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXext-devel.x86_64                              1.3.3-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXfixes.i686                                    5.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXfixes.x86_64                                  5.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                            5.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXfont.x86_64                                   1.5.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXfont-devel.x86_64                             1.5.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXfont2.x86_64                                  2.0.3-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXfont2-devel.x86_64                            2.0.3-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXft.i686                                       2.3.2-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXft.x86_64                                     2.3.2-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXft-devel.x86_64                               2.3.2-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXi.i686                                        1.7.9-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXi.x86_64                                      1.7.9-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXi-devel.x86_64                                1.7.9-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXinerama.i686                                  1.1.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXinerama.x86_64                                1.1.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXmu.x86_64                                     1.1.2-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXmu-devel.x86_64                               1.1.2-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXpm.x86_64                                     3.5.12-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXpm-devel.x86_64                               3.5.12-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXrandr.i686                                    1.5.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXrandr.x86_64                                  1.5.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                            1.5.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXrender.i686                                   0.9.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXrender.x86_64                                 0.9.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXrender-devel.x86_64                           0.9.10-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXres.x86_64                                    1.2.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXres-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXt.x86_64                                      1.1.5-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXt-devel.x86_64                                1.1.5-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXtst.i686                                      1.2.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXtst.x86_64                                    1.2.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXtst-devel.x86_64                              1.2.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXv.x86_64                                      1.0.11-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXv-devel.x86_64                                1.0.11-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXvMC.x86_64                                    1.0.10-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXvMC-devel.x86_64                              1.0.10-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                1.1.4-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                          1.1.4-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXxf86misc.x86_64                               1.0.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXxf86misc-devel.x86_64                         1.0.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libXxf86vm.i686                                   1.1.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                 1.1.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                           1.1.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
liba52.x86_64                                     0.7.4-34.fc29                          @fedora                   
libabw.x86_64                                     0.1.2-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libacl.x86_64                                     2.2.53-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libaec.x86_64                                     1.0.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libaio.x86_64                                     0.3.111-3.fc29                         @fedora                   
libao.x86_64                                      1.2.0-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
libaom.x86_64                                     1.0.0-5.20180925gitd0076f5.fc29        @fedora                   
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                       12.10.0-20.fc29                        @fedora                   
libappstream-glib.x86_64                          0.7.15-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libarchive.x86_64                                 3.3.3-6.fc29                           @updates                  
libargon2.x86_64                                  20161029-7.fc29                        @updates                  
libass.x86_64                                     0.14.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libassuan.x86_64                                  2.5.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libasyncns.i686                                   0.8-15.fc29                            @fedora                   
libasyncns.x86_64                                 0.8-15.fc29                            @fedora                   
libatasmart.x86_64                                0.19-15.fc29                           @fedora                   
libatomic.i686                                    8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libatomic.x86_64                                  8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libatomic_ops.x86_64                              7.6.6-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libattr.x86_64                                    2.4.48-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libavc1394.x86_64                                 0.5.4-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libavdevice.x86_64                                4.0.4-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libbabeltrace.x86_64                              1.5.6-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libbasicobjects.x86_64                            0.1.1-41.fc29                          @fedora                   
libblkid.i686                                     2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libblkid.x86_64                                   2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libblockdev.x86_64                                2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                         2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                             2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                           2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                         2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                         2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-part.x86_64                           2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                           2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                          2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libblockdev-vdo.x86_64                            2.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libbluray.x86_64                                  1.0.2-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libbonobo.x86_64                                  2.32.1-15.fc29                         @fedora                   
libbs2b.x86_64                                    3.1.0-21.fc29                          @fedora                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                1.4-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
libcaca.x86_64                                    0.99-0.36.beta19.fc28                  @fedora                   
libcacard.x86_64                                  3:2.6.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
libcanberra.x86_64                                0.30-17.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                           0.30-17.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                           0.30-17.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcap.i686                                       2.25-12.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcap.x86_64                                     2.25-12.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcap-ng.x86_64                                  0.7.9-5.fc29                           @updates                  
libcdio.x86_64                                    2.0.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                           10.2+0.94+2-4.fc29                     @fedora                   
libcdr.x86_64                                     0.1.5-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libcgroup.x86_64                                  0.41-20.fc29                           @fedora                   
libchamplain.x86_64                               0.12.16-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                           0.12.16-4.fc29                         @fedora                   
libclc.x86_64                                     0.2.0-13.git1ecb16d.fc29               @updates                  
libcmis.x86_64                                    0.5.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libcollection.x86_64                              0.7.0-41.fc29                          @fedora                   
libcom_err.i686                                   1.44.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libcom_err.x86_64                                 1.44.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                           1.44.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.11-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libconfig.x86_64                                  1.7.2-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libconfuse.x86_64                                 3.2.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libcroco.x86_64                                   0.6.12-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
libcryptui.x86_64                                 3.12.2-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
libcue.x86_64                                     2.1.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libcurl.i686                                      7.61.1-10.fc29                         @updates                  
libcurl.x86_64                                    7.61.1-10.fc29                         @updates                  
libdaemon.x86_64                                  0.14-16.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdatrie.i686                                    0.2.9-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdatrie.x86_64                                  0.2.9-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdazzle.x86_64                                  3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libdb.i686                                        5.3.28-33.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdb.x86_64                                      5.3.28-33.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdb-utils.x86_64                                5.3.28-33.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdbusmenu.i686                                  16.04.0-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                16.04.0-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdbusmenu-gtk2.i686                             16.04.0-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                             16.04.0-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                           16.04.0-8.fc29                         @fedora                   
libdc1394.x86_64                                  2.2.2-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libdca.x86_64                                     0.0.6-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free           
libdhash.x86_64                                   0.5.0-41.fc29                          @fedora                   
libdmapsharing.x86_64                             2.9.37-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
libdmx.x86_64                                     1.1.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdmx-devel.x86_64                               1.1.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdnet.x86_64                                    1.12-27.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdnf.x86_64                                     0.28.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libdrm.i686                                       2.4.97-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libdrm.x86_64                                     2.4.97-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libdrm-devel.x86_64                               2.4.97-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libdv.x86_64                                      1.0.0-28.fc29                          @fedora                   
libdvdnav.x86_64                                  6.0.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libdvdread.x86_64                                 6.0.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libe-book.x86_64                                  0.1.3-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libedit.i686                                      3.1-24.20170329cvs.fc29                @fedora                   
libedit.x86_64                                    3.1-24.20170329cvs.fc29                @fedora                   
libeot.x86_64                                     0.01-10.fc29                           @fedora                   
libepoxy.i686                                     1.5.3-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libepoxy.x86_64                                   1.5.3-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libepubgen.x86_64                                 0.1.1-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                    1:2.00.3-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                      1:2.00.3-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                      1:2.00.3-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                     1:2.00.3-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                  2:20190312-94.fc29                     @updates                  
libesmtp.x86_64                                   1.0.6-16.fc29                          @fedora                   
libetonyek.x86_64                                 0.1.9-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libev.x86_64                                      4.24-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
libevdev.x86_64                                   1.5.9-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libevent.x86_64                                   2.1.8-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libexif.x86_64                                    0.6.21-19.fc29                         @updates                  
libexttextcat.x86_64                              3.4.5-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libfdisk.x86_64                                   2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libfdt.x86_64                                     1.4.7-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libffado.x86_64                                   2.4.1-6.fc29                           @updates                  
libffi.i686                                       3.1-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
libffi.x86_64                                     3.1-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                               3.1-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
libfontenc.x86_64                                 1.1.3-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libfontenc-devel.x86_64                           1.1.3-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libfprint.x86_64                                  0.8.2-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libfreehand.x86_64                                0.1.2-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
libgcab1.x86_64                                   1.1-4.fc29                             @updates                  
libgcc.i686                                       8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libgcc.x86_64                                     8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libgcrypt.i686                                    1.8.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libgcrypt.x86_64                                  1.8.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libgdata.x86_64                                   0.17.9-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libgdither.x86_64                                 0.6-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
libgee.x86_64                                     0.20.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libgepub.x86_64                                   0.6.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libgexiv2.x86_64                                  0.10.10-1.fc29                         @updates                  
libgfortran.x86_64                                8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libgltf.x86_64                                    0.1.0-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libglvnd.i686                                     1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd.x86_64                                   1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                        1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                             1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                               1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                              1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-glx.i686                                 1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                               1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                            1:1.1.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libgnome.x86_64                                   2.32.1-17.fc29                         @fedora                   
libgnome-keyring.x86_64                           3.12.0-15.fc29                         @fedora                   
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                3.26.0-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
libgomp.x86_64                                    8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libgovirt.x86_64                                  0.3.4-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libgpg-error.i686                                 1.33-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libgpg-error.x86_64                               1.33-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libgphoto2.x86_64                                 2.5.21-2.fc29                          @updates                  
libgpod.x86_64                                    0.8.3-25.fc29                          @updates                  
libgrss.x86_64                                    0.7.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libgs.x86_64                                      9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
libgs-devel.x86_64                                9.26-4.fc29                            @updates                  
libgsf.x86_64                                     1.14.43-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
libgtop2.x86_64                                   2.38.0-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
libgudev.x86_64                                   232-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
libgusb.i686                                      0.3.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libgusb.x86_64                                    0.3.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libgweather.x86_64                                3.28.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libgxps.x86_64                                    0.3.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libhangul.x86_64                                  0.1.0-18.fc29                          @fedora                   
libibumad.x86_64                                  16.2-3.fc28                            @fedora                   
libibverbs.x86_64                                 16.2-3.fc28                            @System                   
libical.x86_64                                    3.0.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libicu.x86_64                                     62.1-3.fc29                            @updates                  
libicu-devel.x86_64                               62.1-3.fc29                            @updates                  
libidn.x86_64                                     1.35-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
libidn2.i686                                      2.1.1a-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libidn2.x86_64                                    2.1.1a-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libiec61883.x86_64                                1.2.0-20.fc29                          @fedora                   
libieee1284.x86_64                                0.2.11-28.fc29                         @fedora                   
libijs.x86_64                                     0.35-8.fc29                            @fedora                   
libimagequant.x86_64                              2.12.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libimagequant-devel.x86_64                        2.12.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libimobiledevice.x86_64                           1.2.0-17.fc29                          @fedora                   
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-13.fc29                        @fedora                   
libini_config.x86_64                              1.3.1-41.fc29                          @fedora                   
libinput.x86_64                                   1.12.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libipt.x86_64                                     2.0-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
libiptcdata.x86_64                                1.0.4-20.fc28                          @System                   
libiscsi.x86_64                                   1.18.0-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                2.0.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                              2.0.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                        2.0.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libkadm5.x86_64                                   1.16.1-25.fc29                         @updates                  
libkcapi.x86_64                                   1.1.1-16.fc29                          @fedora                   
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                          1.1.1-16.fc29                          @fedora                   
libkkc.x86_64                                     0.3.5-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
libkkc-common.noarch                              0.3.5-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
libkkc-data.x86_64                                1:0.2.7-12.fc29                        @fedora                   
libknet1.x86_64                                   1.8-1.fc29                             @updates                  
libknet1-crypto-nss-plugin.x86_64                 1.8-1.fc29                             @updates                  
libksba.x86_64                                    1.3.5-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
liblangtag.x86_64                                 0.6.2-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
liblangtag-data.noarch                            0.6.2-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libldb.x86_64                                     1.4.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
liblockfile.x86_64                                1.14-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
liblouis.x86_64                                   3.7.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libmaxminddb.x86_64                               1.2.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmbim.x86_64                                    1.16.0-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmbim-utils.x86_64                              1.16.0-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmcpp.x86_64                                    2.7.2-21.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmediaart.x86_64                                1.9.4-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmetalink.x86_64                                0.1.3-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmfx.x86_64                                     1.25-1.fc29                            @updates                  
libmng.x86_64                                     2.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmng-devel.x86_64                               2.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmnl.x86_64                                     1.0.4-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmodman.i686                                    2.0.1-18.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmodman.x86_64                                  2.0.1-18.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmodulemd1.x86_64                               1.8.6-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libmount.i686                                     2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmount.x86_64                                   2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmpc.x86_64                                     1.1.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmpcdec.x86_64                                  1.2.6-22.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmpeg2.x86_64                                   0.5.1-16.fc29                          @rpmfusion-free           
libmspack.x86_64                                  0.9.1-0.1.alpha.fc29                   @updates                  
libmspub.x86_64                                   0.1.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libmtp.x86_64                                     1.1.16-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                            5.1.0-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmwaw.x86_64                                    0.3.14-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libmypaint.x86_64                                 1.3.0-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libndp.x86_64                                     1.7-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                     1.0.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libnfnetlink.x86_64                               1.0.1-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libnfs.x86_64                                     1.11.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                1:2.3.3-1.rc2.fc29                     @updates                  
libnftnl.x86_64                                   1.1.1-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libnghttp2.i686                                   1.34.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                 1.34.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libnice.x86_64                                    0.1.14-8.20180504git34d6044.fc29       @fedora                   
libnl3.x86_64                                     3.4.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                 3.4.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libnma.x86_64                                     1.8.18-3.fc29                          @updates                  
libnotify.x86_64                                  0.7.7-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libnsl.i686                                       2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
libnsl.x86_64                                     2.28-27.fc29                           @updates                  
libnsl2.i686                                      1.2.0-3.20180605git4a062cf.fc29        @fedora                   
libnsl2.x86_64                                    1.2.0-3.20180605git4a062cf.fc29        @fedora                   
libnumbertext.x86_64                              1.0.3-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
liboauth.x86_64                                   1.0.3-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libobjc.x86_64                                    8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libodfgen.x86_64                                  0.1.7-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libogg.i686                                       2:1.3.3-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
libogg.x86_64                                     2:1.3.3-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
libomp.x86_64                                     7.0.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libopenraw.x86_64                                 0.1.3-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
liborcus.x86_64                                   0.13.4-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libosinfo.x86_64                                  1.2.0-5.fc29                           @updates                  
libpagemaker.x86_64                               0.0.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libpaper.x86_64                                   1.1.24-23.fc29                         @updates                  
libpath_utils.x86_64                              0.2.1-41.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpcap.x86_64                                    14:1.9.0-2.fc29                        @fedora                   
libpciaccess.i686                                 0.14-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
libpciaccess.x86_64                               0.14-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                         0.14-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
libpeas.x86_64                                    1.22.0-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                1.22.0-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                     1.22.0-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
libphodav.x86_64                                  2.2-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
libpinyin.x86_64                                  2.3.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libpinyin-data.x86_64                             2.3.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libpipeline.x86_64                                1.5.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libpkgconf.x86_64                                 1.5.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libplist.x86_64                                   2.0.0-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpng.i686                                       2:1.6.34-7.fc29                        @updates                  
libpng.x86_64                                     2:1.6.34-7.fc29                        @updates                  
libpng-devel.x86_64                               2:1.6.34-7.fc29                        @updates                  
libpng12.i686                                     1.2.57-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpng12.x86_64                                   1.2.57-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpng15.x86_64                                   1.5.30-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
libproxy.i686                                     0.4.15-10.fc29                         @updates                  
libproxy.x86_64                                   0.4.15-10.fc29                         @updates                  
libproxy-mozjs.x86_64                             0.4.15-10.fc29                         @updates                  
libpskc.x86_64                                    2.6.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libpsl.i686                                       0.20.2-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpsl.x86_64                                     0.20.2-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
libpwquality.x86_64                               1.4.0-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
libqb.x86_64                                      1.0.3-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
libqmi.x86_64                                     1.20.0-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libqmi-utils.x86_64                               1.20.0-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libquadmath.x86_64                                8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                          8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libquvi.x86_64                                    0.9.4-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
libquvi-scripts.noarch                            0.9.20131130-10.fc29                   @fedora                   
libqxp.x86_64                                     0.0.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
librados2.x86_64                                  1:12.2.11-1.fc29                       @updates                  
libraw1394.x86_64                                 2.1.2-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
librbd1.x86_64                                    1:12.2.11-1.fc29                       @updates                  
librdmacm.x86_64                                  16.2-3.fc28                            @System                   
libref_array.x86_64                               0.1.5-41.fc29                          @fedora                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-core.x86_64                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-data.noarch                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                     1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                        1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                  1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-gtk2.x86_64                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                        1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                        1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                    1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-math.x86_64                           1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch               1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                      1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                          1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                            1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                     1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                         1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                            1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                     1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
libreofficekit.x86_64                             1:6.1.5.2-4.fc29                       @updates                  
librepo.x86_64                                    1.9.6-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libreport.x86_64                                  2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-cli.x86_64                              2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-fedora.x86_64                           2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-filesystem.noarch                       2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-gtk.x86_64                              2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                  2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                    2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64            2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64           2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                   2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libreport-web.x86_64                              2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
librevenge.x86_64                                 0.0.4-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
librsvg2.x86_64                                   2.44.13-1.fc29                         @updates                  
librtmp.x86_64                                    2.4-12.20160224.gitfa8646d.fc29        @rpmfusion-free           
libsamplerate.x86_64                              0.1.9-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                              3.18.12-9.fc29                         @updates                  
libseccomp.x86_64                                 2.4.0-0.fc29                           @updates                  
libsecret.x86_64                                  0.18.7-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libselinux.i686                                   2.8-6.fc29                             @updates                  
libselinux.x86_64                                 2.8-6.fc29                             @updates                  
libselinux-devel.x86_64                           2.8-6.fc29                             @updates                  
libselinux-utils.x86_64                           2.8-6.fc29                             @updates                  
libsemanage.x86_64                                2.8-8.fc29                             @updates                  
libsepol.i686                                     2.8-3.fc29                             @updates                  
libsepol.x86_64                                   2.8-3.fc29                             @updates                  
libsepol-devel.x86_64                             2.8-3.fc29                             @updates                  
libshaderc.x86_64                                 2018.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libshout.x86_64                                   2.2.2-20.fc29                          @fedora                   
libsigc++20.x86_64                                2.10.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libsigsegv.x86_64                                 2.11-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
libsmartcols.x86_64                               2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libsmbclient.x86_64                               2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
libsmbios.x86_64                                  2.4.2-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libsndfile.i686                                   1.0.28-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
libsndfile.x86_64                                 1.0.28-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
libsodium.x86_64                                  1.0.17-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libsolv.x86_64                                    0.7.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libsoup.i686                                      2.64.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libsoup.x86_64                                    2.64.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libspectre.x86_64                                 0.2.8-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libspiro.x86_64                                   20150131-9.fc29                        @fedora                   
libsrtp.x86_64                                    1.5.4-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
libss.x86_64                                      1.44.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libssh.i686                                       0.8.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libssh.x86_64                                     0.8.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libssh2.i686                                      1.8.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libssh2.x86_64                                    1.8.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libsss_autofs.x86_64                              2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libsss_certmap.x86_64                             2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libsss_idmap.x86_64                               2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                           2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libstaroffice.x86_64                              0.0.6-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
libstdc++.i686                                    8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libstdc++.x86_64                                  8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                            8.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libstemmer.x86_64                                 0-11.585svn.fc29                       @fedora                   
libsysfs.x86_64                                   2.1.0-25.fc29                          @fedora                   
libtalloc.x86_64                                  2.1.14-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libtar.x86_64                                     1.2.20-16.fc29                         @updates                  
libtasn1.i686                                     4.13-5.fc29                            @updates                  
libtasn1.x86_64                                   4.13-5.fc29                            @updates                  
libtdb.x86_64                                     1.3.16-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libteam.x86_64                                    1.27-10.fc29                           @fedora                   
libtermkey.x86_64                                 0.20-5.fc29                            @fedora                   
libtevent.x86_64                                  0.9.37-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libthai.i686                                      0.1.28-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libthai.x86_64                                    0.1.28-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libtheora.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-22.fc29                        @fedora                   
libtidy.x86_64                                    5.6.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libtiff.i686                                      4.0.10-4.fc29                          @updates                  
libtiff.x86_64                                    4.0.10-4.fc29                          @updates                  
libtiff-devel.x86_64                              4.0.10-4.fc29                          @updates                  
libtirpc.i686                                     1.1.4-2.rc2.fc29                       @updates                  
libtirpc.x86_64                                   1.1.4-2.rc2.fc29                       @updates                  
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                1.18.2-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
libtommath.x86_64                                 1.0.1-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
libtool.x86_64                                    2.4.6-27.fc29                          @fedora                   
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                               2.4.6-27.fc29                          @fedora                   
libudisks2.x86_64                                 2.8.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libunistring.i686                                 0.9.10-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
libunistring.x86_64                               0.9.10-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
libunwind.x86_64                                  1.2.1-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libusal.x86_64                                    1.1.11-40.fc29                         @fedora                   
libusb.x86_64                                     1:0.1.5-13.fc29                        @fedora                   
libusb-devel.x86_64                               1:0.1.5-13.fc29                        @fedora                   
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                 1.0.10-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
libusbx.i686                                      1.0.22-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libusbx.x86_64                                    1.0.22-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libusbx-devel.x86_64                              1.0.22-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libuser.x86_64                                    0.62-18.fc29                           @fedora                   
libutempter.x86_64                                1.1.6-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
libuuid.i686                                      2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libuuid.x86_64                                    2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libuuid-devel.x86_64                              2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libuv.x86_64                                      1:1.27.0-1.fc29                        @updates                  
libv4l.x86_64                                     1.16.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libva.i686                                        2.4.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libva.x86_64                                      2.4.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libva-intel-driver.i686                           2.3.0-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                         2.3.0-2.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libvdpau.i686                                     1.1.1-11.fc29                          @updates                  
libvdpau.x86_64                                   1.1.1-11.fc29                          @updates                  
libverto.i686                                     0.3.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libverto.x86_64                                   0.3.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libverto-devel.x86_64                             0.3.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libverto-libev.x86_64                             0.3.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                             4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64              4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64            4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64              4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64              4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64             4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                 4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64               4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64              4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64         4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64         4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64      4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64        4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64 4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64      4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64        4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64          4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64         4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64     4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64          4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                         4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                            1.0.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-glib.x86_64                               1.0.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                            1.0.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvirt-libs.x86_64                               4.7.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvisio.x86_64                                   0.1.6-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvisual.x86_64                                  1:0.4.0-25.fc29                        @fedora                   
libvmaf.x86_64                                    1.3.9-1.20180914gita654f6f.fc29        @updates                  
libvncserver.x86_64                               0.9.11-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
libvorbis.i686                                    1:1.3.6-3.fc29                         @fedora                   
libvorbis.x86_64                                  1:1.3.6-3.fc29                         @fedora                   
libvpx.x86_64                                     1.7.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libvterm.x86_64                                   0-0.7.bzr681.fc29                      @fedora                   
libwacom.x86_64                                   0.32-2.fc29                            @updates                  
libwacom-data.noarch                              0.32-2.fc29                            @updates                  
libwayland-client.i686                            1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwayland-client.x86_64                          1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwayland-cursor.i686                            1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                          1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwayland-egl.i686                               1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwayland-egl.x86_64                             1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwayland-server.x86_64                          1.16.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwbclient.x86_64                                2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
libwebp.x86_64                                    1.0.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libwebp-devel.x86_64                              1.0.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libwinpr.x86_64                                   2:2.0.0-49.20190304git435872b.fc29     @updates                  
libwmf.x86_64                                     0.2.12-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                0.2.12-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libwnck3.x86_64                                   3.24.1-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwpd.x86_64                                     0.10.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
libwpg.x86_64                                     0.3.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libwps.x86_64                                     0.4.10-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libwsman1.x86_64                                  2.6.5-9.fc29                           @updates                  
libwvstreams.x86_64                               4.6.1-27.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxcb.i686                                       1.13.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxcb.x86_64                                     1.13.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxcb-devel.x86_64                               1.13.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxcrypt.i686                                    4.4.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libxcrypt.x86_64                                  4.4.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                            4.4.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
libxkbcommon.i686                                 0.8.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libxkbcommon.x86_64                               0.8.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                           0.8.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
libxkbfile.x86_64                                 1.0.9-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxkbfile-devel.x86_64                           1.0.9-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxklavier.x86_64                                5.4-12.fc29                            @fedora                   
libxml++.x86_64                                   2.40.1-7.fc29                          @fedora                   
libxml2.i686                                      2.9.8-5.fc29                           @updates                  
libxml2.x86_64                                    2.9.8-5.fc29                           @updates                  
libxmlb.x86_64                                    0.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libxshmfence.i686                                 1.3-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
libxshmfence.x86_64                               1.3-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
libxslt.x86_64                                    1.1.32-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
libyaml.x86_64                                    0.2.1-5.fc29                           @updates                  
libzapojit.x86_64                                 0.0.3-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                  2.3.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libzip.x86_64                                     1.5.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
libzmf.x86_64                                     0.0.2-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
libzstd.x86_64                                    1.3.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
lightdm.x86_64                                    1.28.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                            1.28.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                2.0.5-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                             2.5.1-21.fc29                          @fedora                   
linux-firmware.noarch                             20190312-94.fc29                       @updates                  
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                      20190312-94.fc29                       @updates                  
lirc-libs.x86_64                                  0.10.0-14.fc29                         @updates                  
lksctp-tools.x86_64                               1.0.16-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
lldpad.x86_64                                     1.0.1-12.git036e314.fc29               @updates                  
llvm-libs.i686                                    7.0.1-4.fc29                           @updates                  
llvm-libs.x86_64                                  7.0.1-4.fc29                           @updates                  
llvm5.0-libs.x86_64                               5.0.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
llvm6.0-libs.x86_64                               6.0.1-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                  0.9.23-1.fc29                          @updates                  
lockdev.x86_64                                    1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.fc29            @fedora                   
logrotate.x86_64                                  3.14.0-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                       2.91.5-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                        2.91.5-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                     2.95.4-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                       2.92.4-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                       2.91.2-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                        2.5.4-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                           2.91.2-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                          2.91.3-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                         2.5.5-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
lpsolve.x86_64                                    5.5.2.0-21.fc29                        @fedora                   
lrzsz.x86_64                                      0.12.20-45.fc29                        @fedora                   
lsof.x86_64                                       4.91-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
lsyncd.x86_64                                     2.2.2-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
lttng-ust.x86_64                                  2.10.1-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
lua.x86_64                                        5.3.5-3.fc29                           @updates                  
lua-expat.x86_64                                  1.3.0-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
lua-filesystem.x86_64                             1.6.3-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
lua-json.noarch                                   1.3.2-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
lua-libs.x86_64                                   5.3.5-3.fc29                           @updates                  
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                   1.0.1-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
lua-posix.x86_64                                  33.3.1-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
lua-socket.x86_64                                 3.0-0.18.rc1.fc29                      @fedora                   
lua-term.x86_64                                   0.07-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
lvm2.x86_64                                       2.02.183-1.fc29                        @updates                  
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                  2.02.183-1.fc29                        @updates                  
lz4.x86_64                                        1.8.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
lz4-libs.i686                                     1.8.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
lz4-libs.x86_64                                   1.8.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
lzo.x86_64                                        2.08-14.fc29                           @fedora                   
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                2.08-14.fc29                           @fedora                   
lzop.x86_64                                       1.03-21.fc29                           @fedora                   
m17n-db.noarch                                    1.8.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
m17n-lib.x86_64                                   1.8.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
m4.x86_64                                         1.4.18-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
mactel-boot.x86_64                                0.9-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
mailcap.noarch                                    2.1.48-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
mailx.x86_64                                      12.5-30.fc29                           @fedora                   
make.x86_64                                       1:4.2.1-10.fc29                        @fedora                   
man-db.x86_64                                     2.8.4-3.fc29                           @updates                  
man-pages.noarch                                  4.16-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
mariadb.x86_64                                    3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-backup.x86_64                             3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-common.x86_64                             3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                        3.0.9-2.fc29                           @updates                  
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                 3.0.9-2.fc29                           @updates                  
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64            3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                             3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                      3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-rocksdb-engine.x86_64                     3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-server.x86_64                             3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                       3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
mariadb-tokudb-engine.x86_64                      3:10.3.12-10.fc29                      @updates                  
marisa.x86_64                                     0.2.4-36.fc29                          @fedora                   
mcelog.x86_64                                     3:153-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
mcpp.x86_64                                       2.7.2-21.fc29                          @fedora                   
mdadm.x86_64                                      4.1-rc2.0.2.fc29                       @fedora                   
media-player-info.noarch                          23-3.fc29                              @fedora                   
memtest86+.x86_64                                 5.01-24.fc29                           @updates                  
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                             18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                           18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-filesystem.i686                              18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                            18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-khr-devel.x86_64                             18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libGL.i686                                   18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                 18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                           18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                9.0.0-16.fc29                          @fedora                   
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                          9.0.0-16.fc29                          @fedora                   
mesa-libOpenCL.x86_64                             18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libglapi.i686                                18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                              18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                          18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                          18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                        18.3.6-1.fc29                          @updates                  
microcode_ctl.x86_64                              2:2.1-26.fc29                          @fedora                   
minizip.x86_64                                    1.2.11-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
mlocate.x86_64                                    0.26-22.fc29                           @fedora                   
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch             1.20170310-2.fc29                      @fedora                   
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                  0.6-19.fc29                            @fedora                   
mod_http2.x86_64                                  1.14.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mokutil.x86_64                                    1:0.3.0-10.fc29                        @fedora                   
mongodb.x86_64                                    4.0.3-3.fc29                           @updates                  
mongodb-server.x86_64                             4.0.3-3.fc29                           @updates                  
mongodb-test.x86_64                               4.0.3-3.fc29                           @updates                  
mousetweaks.x86_64                                3.12.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                         1.9-19.fc29                            @fedora                   
mozjs38.x86_64                                    38.8.0-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
mozjs52.x86_64                                    52.9.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
mozjs60.x86_64                                    60.4.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
mpage.x86_64                                      2.5.7-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
mpfr.x86_64                                       3.1.6-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                1.25.10-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
mplayer.x86_64                                    1.3.0-26.20180620svn.fc29              @rpmfusion-free           
mplayer-common.x86_64                             1.3.0-26.20180620svn.fc29              @rpmfusion-free           
mpv.x86_64                                        0.29.1-4.fc29                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
msgpack.x86_64                                    3.1.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
mtdev.x86_64                                      1.1.5-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
mtools.x86_64                                     4.0.18-15.fc29                         @fedora                   
mtr.x86_64                                        2:0.92-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
mutter.x86_64                                     3.30.2-2.fc29                          @updates                  
mypaint-brushes.noarch                            1.3.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
mysql-workbench-community.x86_64                  6.3.10-1.fc27                          @mysql-tools-community    
mythes.x86_64                                     1.2.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
mythes-en.noarch                                  3.0-24.fc29                            @fedora                   
nautilus.x86_64                                   3.30.5-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                        3.30.5-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nautilus-sendto.x86_64                            1:3.8.6-3.fc29                         @fedora                   
naver-nanum-fonts-common.noarch                   3.020-23.20140930.fc29                 @fedora                   
naver-nanum-gothic-fonts.noarch                   3.020-23.20140930.fc29                 @fedora                   
ncdu.x86_64                                       1.14-1.fc29                            @updates                  
ncurses.x86_64                                    6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ncurses-base.noarch                               6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                           6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                        6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ncurses-devel.x86_64                              6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ncurses-libs.i686                                 6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                               6.1-8.20180923.fc29                    @fedora                   
ndctl.x86_64                                      64.1-1.fc29                            @updates                  
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                 64.1-1.fc29                            @updates                  
neon.x86_64                                       0.30.2-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
neovim.x86_64                                     0.3.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                              1:5.8-6.fc29                           @updates                  
net-tools.x86_64                                  2.0-0.53.20160912git.fc29              @updates                  
netcf-libs.x86_64                                 0.2.8-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
netconsole-service.noarch                         10.01-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
netpbm.x86_64                                     10.84.03-3.fc29                        @updates                  
netpbm-devel.x86_64                               10.84.03-3.fc29                        @updates                  
nettle.i686                                       3.4.1rc1-1.fc29                        @updates                  
nettle.x86_64                                     3.4.1rc1-1.fc29                        @updates                  
network-scripts.x86_64                            10.01-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
network-scripts-ppp.x86_64                        2.4.7-28.fc29                          @updates                  
network-scripts-teamd.x86_64                      1.27-10.fc29                           @fedora                   
newt.x86_64                                       0.52.20-12.fc29                        @fedora                   
nfs-utils.x86_64                                  1:2.3.3-1.rc2.fc29                     @updates                  
nftables.x86_64                                   1:0.9.0-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                            1-3.fc29                               @fedora                   
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                       1.8.18-3.fc29                          @updates                  
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                  2:7.70-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
nodejs.x86_64                                     1:10.15.0-1.fc29                       @updates                  
npm.x86_64                                        1:6.4.1-1.10.15.0.1.fc29               @updates                  
npth.x86_64                                       1.5-6.fc29                             @fedora                   
nspr.i686                                         4.21.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nspr.x86_64                                       4.21.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss.i686                                          3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss.x86_64                                        3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-mdns.x86_64                                   0.14.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
nss-pem.x86_64                                    1.0.5-1.fc29                           @updates                  
nss-softokn.i686                                  3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-softokn.x86_64                                3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                           3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                         3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-tools.x86_64                                  3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-util.i686                                     3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss-util.x86_64                                   3.43.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
nss_nis.x86_64                                    3.0-8.fc29                             @updates                  
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                    2:2017.3.23-11.fc29                    @updates                  
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                 1.0-1.fc29                             @updates                  
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                  2:2017.3.23-11.fc29                    @updates                  
numactl-libs.x86_64                               2.0.12-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
numad.x86_64                                      0.5-27.20150602git.fc29                @fedora                   
nvidia-settings.x86_64                            3:418.56-1.fc29                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                          5-4.fc29                               @fedora                   
ocl-icd.x86_64                                    2.2.12-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
oddjob.x86_64                                     0.34.4-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                           0.34.4-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
open-vm-tools.x86_64                              10.3.10-1.fc29                         @updates                  
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                      10.3.10-1.fc29                         @updates                  
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                1.6.63-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
openal-soft.x86_64                                1.18.2-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
openblas.x86_64                                   0.3.5-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openblas-Rblas.x86_64                             0.3.5-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openblas-openmp.x86_64                            0.3.5-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openblas-serial.x86_64                            0.3.5-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                       2-4.fc29                               @fedora                   
openblas-threads.x86_64                           0.3.5-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                        0.3.5-5.fc29                           @updates                  
opencc.x86_64                                     1.0.5-3.fc29                           @updates                  
opencl-filesystem.noarch                          1.0-8.fc29                             @fedora                   
openconnect.x86_64                                8.02-2.fc29                            @updates                  
opencore-amr.x86_64                               0.1.5-5.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free           
openjpeg-libs.x86_64                              1.5.1-22.fc29                          @fedora                   
openjpeg2.x86_64                                  2.3.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
openldap.i686                                     2.4.46-10.fc29                         @updates                  
openldap.x86_64                                   2.4.46-10.fc29                         @updates                  
openpgm.x86_64                                    5.2.122-14.fc29                        @fedora                   
openssh.x86_64                                    7.9p1-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openssh-clients.x86_64                            7.9p1-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openssh-server.x86_64                             7.9p1-5.fc29                           @updates                  
openssl.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1b-3.fc29                        @updates                  
openssl-devel.x86_64                              1:1.1.1b-3.fc29                        @updates                  
openssl-libs.i686                                 1:1.1.1b-3.fc29                        @updates                  
openssl-libs.x86_64                               1:1.1.1b-3.fc29                        @updates                  
openssl-pkcs11.i686                               0.4.9-1.fc29                           @updates                  
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                             0.4.9-1.fc29                           @updates                  
openvpn.x86_64                                    2.4.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
opus.x86_64                                       1.3-1.fc29                             @updates                  
orc.x86_64                                        0.4.28-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
orca.noarch                                       3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
os-prober.x86_64                                  1.74-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
osinfo-db.noarch                                  20190319-1.fc29                        @updates                  
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                            1.2.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
ostree.x86_64                                     2019.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
ostree-libs.x86_64                                2019.1-3.fc29                          @updates                  
p11-kit.i686                                      0.23.15-2.fc29                         @updates                  
p11-kit.x86_64                                    0.23.15-2.fc29                         @updates                  
p11-kit-server.x86_64                             0.23.15-2.fc29                         @updates                  
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                              0.23.15-2.fc29                         @updates                  
pakchois.x86_64                                   0.4-18.fc29                            @fedora                   
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                  4.1-10.fc29                            @fedora                   
pam.x86_64                                        1.3.1-15.fc29                          @updates                  
pam_krb5.x86_64                                   2.4.13-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
pandoc.x86_64                                     2.1.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
pango.i686                                        1.42.4-2.fc29                          @updates                  
pango.x86_64                                      1.42.4-2.fc29                          @updates                  
pangomm.x86_64                                    2.40.1-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
paps.x86_64                                       0.6.8-42.fc29                          @fedora                   
paps-libs.x86_64                                  0.6.8-42.fc29                          @fedora                   
parallel.noarch                                   20180322-2.fc29                        @fedora                   
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                     20141121-7.fc29                        @fedora                   
parted.x86_64                                     3.2-36.fc29                            @fedora                   
passwd.x86_64                                     0.80-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
passwdqc.x86_64                                   1.3.0-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
passwdqc-lib.x86_64                               1.3.0-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
patch.x86_64                                      2.7.6-8.fc29                           @updates                  
pavucontrol.x86_64                                3.0-13.fc29                            @fedora                   
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                 1.1-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
pciutils.x86_64                                   3.6.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
pciutils-libs.x86_64                              3.6.2-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
pcre.i686                                         8.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
pcre.x86_64                                       8.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                   8.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
pcre-devel.x86_64                                 8.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                 8.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                 8.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
pcre2.i686                                        10.32-9.fc29                           @updates                  
pcre2.x86_64                                      10.32-9.fc29                           @updates                  
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                10.32-9.fc29                           @updates                  
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                10.32-9.fc29                           @updates                  
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                10.32-9.fc29                           @updates                  
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                             1.8.24-1.fc29                          @updates                  
perl.x86_64                                       4:5.28.1-429.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                        1.1903-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                              7.14-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                           0.17-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                           2.30-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                           1.64-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                    1.01-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-B-Debug.noarch                               1.26-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-B-Lint.noarch                                1.20-13.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-CGI.noarch                                   4.39-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-CPAN.noarch                                  2.26-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                             2.150010-417.fc29                      @fedora                   
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                2.140-418.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                        0.018-418.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-Carp.noarch                                  1.50-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Class-ISA.noarch                             0.36-1024.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                       1.32-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                        2.26-9.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                    2.081-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                     2.081-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                         0.31-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                             4.046-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-DBI.x86_64                                   1.642-1.fc29                           @updates                  
perl-DB_File.x86_64                               1.843-1.fc29                           @updates                  
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                             1.23-9.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                           2.173-2.fc29                           @updates                  
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                          0.110-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Data-Section.noarch                          0.200007-5.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                          3.42-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                            1.27-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                     1.06-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                            0.82-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Digest.noarch                                1.17-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                           1.03-19.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                            2.55-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                            1:6.02-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                4:2.98-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                         1.05-11.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                          4:2.98-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Env.noarch                                   1.04-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Errno.x86_64                                 1.29-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Error.noarch                                 1:0.17026-3.fc29                       @fedora                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                              5.73-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                         1.002001-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                     1:0.280231-1.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                      1:7.34-418.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                        1.35-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                      2.14-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                     1:7.34-418.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                    1:7.34-418.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                     1:1.72-1.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                     1.08-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                      1:3.39-418.fc29                        @updates                  
perl-File-CheckTree.noarch                        4.42-303.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                            0.56-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                          1.004-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-File-Listing.noarch                          6.04-19.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-File-Path.noarch                             2.16-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                         1.116-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                             1:0.230.900-1.fc29                     @updates                  
perl-File-Which.noarch                            1.22-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                2:1.59-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                         0.95-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                           1:2.50-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Git.noarch                                   2.20.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Guard.x86_64                                 1.023-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                           3.72-15.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                           3.20-36.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                          6.04-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                             6.02-20.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                          6.18-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                        6.01-21.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                             0.076-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                    1.39-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                           2.081-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                               1.001-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                          0.39-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                         2.060-3.fc29                           @updates                  
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                               1:1.10-429.fc29                        @updates                  
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                               2:1.02-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                              2.07-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                     1.25-20.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                               1:2.97.001-418.fc29                    @fedora                   
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                               1:3.04-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                        6.04-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                        0.428-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                     0.428-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                          3.60-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                       1.29-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                1:0.21-429.fc29                        @updates                  
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                           3.15-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                            0.13-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                           1:1.9998.13-4.fc29                     @updates                  
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                  0.500.700-3.fc29                       @fedora                   
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                           0.2614-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                          1.59-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Memoize.noarch                               1.03-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Module-Build.noarch                          2:0.42.24-10.fc29                      @fedora                   
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                       1:5.20190320-1.fc29                    @updates                  
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                 1:5.20190320-1.fc29                    @updates                  
perl-Module-Load.noarch                           1:0.34-1.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch               0.68-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                         1:0.08-429.fc29                        @updates                  
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                       1.000033-417.fc29                      @fedora                   
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                      2:5.2-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                        0.016-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                            20180117-3.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-NKF.x86_64                                   1:2.1.4-12.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-NTLM.noarch                                  1.09-19.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                              6.18-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                              2.62-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                            1.85-9.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                     1.106-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Params-Check.noarch                          1:0.38-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                           1.07-25.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-PathTools.x86_64                             3.75-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                           1.010-418.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                0.08-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                           4:1.73-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                           1:1.07-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                              1.24-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Pod-LaTeX.noarch                             0.61-304.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                            1.63-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                           3.28.01-418.fc29                       @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Plainer.noarch                           1.04-10.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                            1:3.35-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                             4:1.69-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                     3:1.50-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                            1.25-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Socket.x86_64                                4:2.029-1.fc29                         @updates                  
perl-Software-License.noarch                      0.103013-5.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Storable.x86_64                              1:3.11-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                          0.987-17.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                           0.928-17.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                            0.35-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                           1.06-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                        4.06-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                              1.17-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                           2.37-9.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Test.noarch                                  1.31-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                          1:3.42-418.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                           2:1.302140-1.fc29                      @fedora                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                         2.03-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                             1.45-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                             0.11-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                       3.30-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                          3.05-11.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                        2013.0523-417.fc29                     @fedora                   
perl-Text-Template.noarch                         1.53-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                        1.30-7.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                          3.13-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                            1.9760-1.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-Time-Local.noarch                            2:1.280-3.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                            1.33-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-TimeDate.noarch                              1:2.30-15.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                              0.30-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                      1.0-14.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-URI.noarch                                   1.74-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                       1.27-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                1.33-14.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                     1.26-417.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                        6.02-20.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                            1:2.0132-4.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                  1.12-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                            2.44-14.fc29                           @updates                  
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                               1.00-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                          1.09-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                             1.43-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-autodie.noarch                               2.29-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-bignum.noarch                                0.51-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-common-sense.x86_64                          3.7.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-constant.noarch                              1.33-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-devel.x86_64                                 4:5.28.1-429.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-encoding.x86_64                              4:2.22-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-experimental.noarch                          0.020-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
perl-inc-latest.noarch                            2:0.500-11.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-interpreter.x86_64                           4:5.28.1-429.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                          1.29-5.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                3.11-418.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                             4:5.28.1-429.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-libs.x86_64                                  4:5.28.1-429.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                           6.35-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
perl-local-lib.noarch                             2.000024-4.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-macros.x86_64                                4:5.28.1-429.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-open.noarch                                  1.11-429.fc29                          @updates                  
perl-parent.noarch                                1:0.237-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
perl-perlfaq.noarch                               5.20190126-1.fc29                      @updates                  
perl-podlators.noarch                             1:4.11-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-28.fc29                              @fedora                   
perl-threads.x86_64                               1:2.22-417.fc29                        @fedora                   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                        1.59-1.fc29                            @updates                  
perl-utils.noarch                                 5.28.1-429.fc29                        @updates                  
perl-version.x86_64                               7:0.99.24-5.fc29                       @fedora                   
pigz.x86_64                                       2.4-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
pinentry.x86_64                                   1.1.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                            1.1.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                               1.1.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
pinfo.x86_64                                      0.6.10-20.fc29                         @fedora                   
pipewire.x86_64                                   0.2.5-2.fc29                           @updates                  
pipewire-libs.x86_64                              0.2.5-2.fc29                           @updates                  
pixman.i686                                       0.34.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
pixman.x86_64                                     0.34.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
pixman-devel.x86_64                               0.34.0-10.fc29                         @fedora                   
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                              1.22-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
pkgconf.x86_64                                    1.5.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                 1.5.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                         1.5.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
plymouth.x86_64                                   0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                         0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                     0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                      0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                   0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                           0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                      0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
plymouth-theme-charge.x86_64                      0.9.4-2.fc29                           @updates                  
pocl.x86_64                                       1.2-1.fc29                             @updates                  
polari.x86_64                                     3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
policycoreutils.x86_64                            2.8-17.fc29                            @updates                  
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch               2.8-17.fc29                            @updates                  
polkit.x86_64                                     0.115-4.4.fc29                         @updates                  
polkit-libs.x86_64                                0.115-4.4.fc29                         @updates                  
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                         0.1-13.fc29                            @fedora                   
poppler.x86_64                                    0.67.0-16.fc29                         @updates                  
poppler-data.noarch                               0.4.9-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
poppler-glib.x86_64                               0.67.0-16.fc29                         @updates                  
poppler-utils.x86_64                              0.67.0-16.fc29                         @updates                  
popt.x86_64                                       1.16-15.fc29                           @fedora                   
portaudio.x86_64                                  19-28.fc29                             @fedora                   
ppp.x86_64                                        2.4.7-28.fc29                          @updates                  
pptp.x86_64                                       1.10.0-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
procmail.x86_64                                   3.22-48.fc29                           @fedora                   
procps-ng.x86_64                                  3.3.15-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
proj.x86_64                                       4.9.3-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
psacct.x86_64                                     6.6.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
psmisc.x86_64                                     23.1-4.1.fc29                          @updates                  
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                    20180723-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
pugixml.x86_64                                    1.9-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
pulseaudio.x86_64                                 12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pulseaudio-libs.i686                              12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                            12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                      12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                      12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                           12.2-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
pygobject2.x86_64                                 2.28.7-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
pygtk2.x86_64                                     2.24.0-23.fc29                         @fedora                   
python-pip-wheel.noarch                           18.1-1.fc29                            @updates                  
python-rpm-macros.noarch                          3-37.fc29                              @fedora                   
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                    40.8.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python-srpm-macros.noarch                         3-37.fc29                              @fedora                   
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                         234-7.fc29                             @fedora                   
python-unversioned-command.noarch                 2.7.15-11.fc29                         @updates                  
python2.x86_64                                    2.7.15-11.fc29                         @updates                  
python2-asn1crypto.noarch                         0.24.0-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-backports.x86_64                          1.0-15.fc29                            @fedora                   
python2-backports-shutil_get_terminal_size.noarch 1.0.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-bcrypt.x86_64                             3.1.4-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-cairo.x86_64                              1.17.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-cffi.x86_64                               1.11.5-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-configparser.noarch                       3.7.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python2-crypto.x86_64                             2.6.1-24.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-cryptography.x86_64                       2.3-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
python2-decorator.noarch                          4.3.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-dns.noarch                                1.15.0-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-enum34.noarch                             1.1.6-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-flake8.noarch                             3.5.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-gdata.noarch                              2.0.18-12.fc29                         @fedora                   
python2-gobject.x86_64                            3.30.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python2-gobject-base.x86_64                       3.30.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python2-idna.noarch                               2.7-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
python2-ipaddress.noarch                          1.0.18-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-ipdb.noarch                               0.12-1.fc29                            @updates                  
python2-ipython.noarch                            5.8.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python2-ipython_genutils.noarch                   0.1.0-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-jsonschema.noarch                         2.6.0-6.fc29                           @updates                  
python2-ldb.x86_64                                1.4.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python2-libs.x86_64                               2.7.15-11.fc29                         @updates                  
python2-mccabe.noarch                             0.6.1-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-mistune.x86_64                            0.8.3-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-paramiko.noarch                           2.4.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python2-path.noarch                               5.2-14.fc29                            @fedora                   
python2-pathlib.noarch                            1.0.1-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-pexpect.noarch                            4.6-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
python2-pickleshare.noarch                        0.7.4-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-pip.noarch                                18.1-1.fc29                            @updates                  
python2-ply.noarch                                3.9-8.fc29                             @fedora                   
python2-prompt_toolkit.noarch                     1.0.15-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-ptyprocess.noarch                         0.6.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-pyasn1.noarch                             0.3.7-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-pycodestyle.noarch                        2.4.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-pycparser.noarch                          2.14-15.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-pyflakes.noarch                           2.0.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-pygments.noarch                           2.2.0-16.fc29                          @updates                  
python2-pygpgme.x86_64                            0.3-26.fc28                            @System                   
python2-pynacl.x86_64                             1.2.1-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-repoze-lru.noarch                         0.7-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
python2-samba.x86_64                              2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
python2-setuptools.noarch                         40.8.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python2-simplegeneric.noarch                      0.8.1-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-six.noarch                                1.11.0-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-talloc.x86_64                             2.1.14-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-tdb.x86_64                                1.3.16-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-tevent.x86_64                             0.9.37-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
python2-traitlets.noarch                          4.3.2-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-wcwidth.noarch                            0.1.7-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
python2-xpyb.x86_64                               1.3.1-11.fc28                          @System                   
python2-zmq.x86_64                                17.0.0-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3.x86_64                                    3.7.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-IPy.noarch                                0.81-23.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-abrt.x86_64                               2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-abrt-addon.x86_64                         2.12.0-2.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                         0.24.0-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-audit.x86_64                              3.0-0.7.20190326git03e7489.fc29        @updates                  
python3-augeas.noarch                             0.5.0-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-beaker.noarch                             1.10.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-bind.noarch                               32:9.11.5-4.P4.fc29                    @updates                  
python3-brlapi.x86_64                             0.6.7-31.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-bson.x86_64                               3.7.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-cairo.x86_64                              1.17.1-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-cffi.x86_64                               1.11.5-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-chardet.noarch                            3.0.4-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-crypto.x86_64                             2.6.1-24.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-cryptography.x86_64                       2.3-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
python3-cups.x86_64                               1.9.72-22.fc29                         @fedora                   
python3-dateutil.noarch                           1:2.7.5-1.fc29                         @updates                  
python3-dbus.x86_64                               1.2.8-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-decorator.noarch                          4.3.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-devel.x86_64                              3.7.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-distro.noarch                             1.3.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                          3.12.2-13.fc29                         @fedora                   
python3-dnf.noarch                                4.2.2-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch          4.0.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                   4.0.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch          4.0.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-enchant.noarch                            2.0.0-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-firewall.noarch                           0.6.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-flake8.noarch                             3.5.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-gobject.x86_64                            3.30.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                       3.30.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-gpg.x86_64                                1.12.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-hawkey.x86_64                             0.28.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-humanize.noarch                           0.5.1-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-idna.noarch                               2.7-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
python3-iniparse.noarch                           0.4-32.fc29                            @fedora                   
python3-inotify.noarch                            0.9.6-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64              6.2.0.876-5.gitf3c8e90.fc29            @fedora                   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                           0.1.11-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-libdnf.x86_64                             0.28.1-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-librepo.x86_64                            1.9.6-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-libreport.x86_64                          2.10.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-libs.x86_64                               3.7.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-libselinux.x86_64                         2.8-6.fc29                             @updates                  
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                        2.8-8.fc29                             @updates                  
python3-libxml2.x86_64                            2.9.8-5.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-louis.noarch                              3.7.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-mako.noarch                               1.0.6-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                         1.0-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
python3-mccabe.noarch                             0.6.1-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-mygpoclient.noarch                        1.8-4.fc29                             @fedora                   
python3-olefile.noarch                            0.46-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
python3-paste.noarch                              2.0.3-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pillow.x86_64                             5.3.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pip.noarch                                18.1-1.fc29                            @updates                  
python3-ply.noarch                                3.9-8.fc29                             @fedora                   
python3-podcastparser.noarch                      0.6.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                    2.8-17.fc29                            @updates                  
python3-productmd.noarch                          1.21-1.fc29                            @updates                  
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                          19.0.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-pyatspi.noarch                            2.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-pyaudio.x86_64                            0.2.11-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                        2.4.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pycparser.noarch                          2.14-15.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pycurl.x86_64                             7.43.0.2-3.fc29                        @fedora                   
python3-pydbus.noarch                             0.6.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pyflakes.noarch                           2.0.0-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pymongo.x86_64                            3.7.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-pyparsing.noarch                          2.2.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                            1.6.8-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-pyxdg.noarch                              0.26-3.fc29                            @updates                  
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                             5.1-1.fc29                             @updates                  
python3-requests.noarch                           2.20.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-rpm.x86_64                                4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                     6-1.fc29                               @fedora                   
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                         3-37.fc29                              @fedora                   
python3-setools.x86_64                            4.1.1-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-setuptools.noarch                         40.8.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-six.noarch                                1.11.0-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-slip.noarch                               0.6.4-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                          0.6.4-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-smartcols.x86_64                          0.3.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-speechd.x86_64                            0.8.8-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                         2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-systemd.x86_64                            234-7.fc29                             @fedora                   
python3-tempita.noarch                            0.5.1-20.fc29                          @fedora                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                            1.8.3-2.fc29                           @updates                  
python3-urllib3.noarch                            1.24.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
python3-wrapt.x86_64                              1.10.11-5.fc29                         @fedora                   
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                            2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                              2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                            2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                         2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                           2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-common.x86_64                                2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                           2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-img.x86_64                                   2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                   2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                            2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                       2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                             2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                2:3.0.0-4.fc29                         @updates                  
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                             0.5-6.fc29                             @updates                  
qpdf.x86_64                                       8.4.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                  8.4.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
qrencode-libs.x86_64                              3.4.4-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
qt.x86_64                                         1:4.8.7-45.fc29                        @updates                  
qt-common.noarch                                  1:4.8.7-45.fc29                        @updates                  
qt-settings.noarch                                29.0-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
qt-x11.x86_64                                     1:4.8.7-45.fc29                        @updates                  
qt3.x86_64                                        3.3.8b-76.fc29                         @fedora                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                 5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                          5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                             5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                          5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                              5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                            5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                          5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                            5.11.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
quota.x86_64                                      1:4.04-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
quota-nls.noarch                                  1:4.04-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
radvd.x86_64                                      2.17-18.fc29                           @updates                  
raptor2.x86_64                                    2.0.15-16.fc29                         @fedora                   
rasqal.x86_64                                     0.9.33-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
rdist.x86_64                                      1:6.1.5-68.fc29                        @fedora                   
rdma-core.x86_64                                  16.2-3.fc28                            @System                   
readline.x86_64                                   7.0-12.fc29                            @fedora                   
readline-devel.x86_64                             7.0-12.fc29                            @fedora                   
readonly-root.noarch                              10.01-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
realmd.x86_64                                     0.16.3-19.fc29                         @updates                  
redhat-lsb.x86_64                                 4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                            4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-cxx.x86_64                             4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-desktop.x86_64                         4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-languages.x86_64                       4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-printing.x86_64                        4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.x86_64               4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                 4.1-45.fc29                            @fedora                   
redhat-menus.noarch                               12.0.2-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                          118-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
redland.x86_64                                    1.0.17-16.fc29                         @fedora                   
rescuetime.x86_64                                 2.14.2.1-1                             @@commandline             
rest.i686                                         0.8.1-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
rest.x86_64                                       0.8.1-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
rhash.x86_64                                      1.3.5-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
rhythmbox.x86_64                                  3.4.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
rng-tools.x86_64                                  6.3.1-2.fc29                           @updates                  
rootfiles.noarch                                  8.1-23.fc29                            @fedora                   
rp-pppoe.x86_64                                   3.12-12.fc29                           @fedora                   
rpcbind.x86_64                                    1.2.5-0.fc29                           @fedora                   
rpm.x86_64                                        4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpm-build.x86_64                                  4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                             4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpm-libs.x86_64                                   4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                            2019.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                         4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                 4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                              4.14.2.1-2.fc29                        @updates                  
rpmdevtools.noarch                                8.10-7.fc29                            @updates                  
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch              29-4.20181021.fc29                     @rpmfusion-free           
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                     29-1                                   @rpmfusion-free-updates   
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch           29-3.20181021.fc29                     @rpmfusion-nonfree        
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                  29-1                                   @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
rsync.x86_64                                      3.1.3-6.fc29                           @updates                  
rtkit.x86_64                                      0.11-20.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubberband.x86_64                                 1.8.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
ruby.x86_64                                       2.5.3-100.fc29                         @updates                  
ruby-devel.x86_64                                 2.5.3-100.fc29                         @updates                  
ruby-irb.noarch                                   2.5.3-100.fc29                         @updates                  
ruby-libs.x86_64                                  2.5.3-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-actionpack.noarch                         1:5.2.1-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
rubygem-actionview.noarch                         5.2.1-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-activesupport.noarch                      1:5.2.1-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                         1.3.4-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-builder.noarch                            3.2.3-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-concurrent-ruby.noarch                    1.0.5-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-crass.noarch                              1.0.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-did_you_mean.noarch                       1.2.0-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-erubi.noarch                              1.7.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-i18n.noarch                               1.0.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                         0.4.6-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-json.x86_64                               2.1.0-106.fc29                         @fedora                   
rubygem-loofah.noarch                             2.2.3-1.fc29                           @updates                  
rubygem-method_source.noarch                      0.8.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-minitest.noarch                           5.11.3-201.fc29                        @fedora                   
rubygem-nokogiri.x86_64                           1.10.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                            2.1.2-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-psych.x86_64                              3.0.2-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-rack.noarch                               1:2.0.4-4.fc29                         @updates                  
rubygem-rack-test.noarch                          0.8.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-rails-dom-testing.noarch                  2.0.2-5.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer.noarch               1.0.4-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-railties.noarch                           5.2.1-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-rake.noarch                               12.3.2-200.fc29                        @updates                  
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                               6.0.3-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-thor.noarch                               0.19.1-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
rubygem-thread_safe.noarch                        0.3.6-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygem-tzinfo.noarch                             1.2.5-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
rubygems.noarch                                   2.7.6-100.fc29                         @updates                  
rubypick.noarch                                   1.1.1-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                           6-3.fc29                               @updates                  
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                               9.22-11.fc29                           @updates                  
rygel.x86_64                                      0.36.2-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
samba.x86_64                                      2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-client.x86_64                               2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-client-libs.x86_64                          2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-common.noarch                               2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-common-libs.x86_64                          2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-common-tools.x86_64                         2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                              2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
samba-libs.x86_64                                 2:4.9.5-0.fc29                         @updates                  
sane-backends.x86_64                              1.0.27-23.fc29                         @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64              1.0.27-23.fc29                         @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64             1.0.27-23.fc29                         @updates                  
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                         1.0.27-23.fc29                         @updates                  
satyr.x86_64                                      0.27-1.fc29                            @fedora                   
sbc.x86_64                                        1.4-1.fc29                             @updates                  
schroedinger.x86_64                               1.0.11-19.fc29                         @fedora                   
seabios-bin.noarch                                1.11.2-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
seavgabios-bin.noarch                             1.11.2-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
sed.x86_64                                        4.5-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
selinux-policy.noarch                             3.14.2-53.fc29                         @updates                  
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                    3.14.2-53.fc29                         @updates                  
sendmail.x86_64                                   8.15.2-29.fc29                         @fedora                   
sendmail-cf.noarch                                8.15.2-29.fc29                         @fedora                   
setroubleshoot.x86_64                             3.3.19-1.fc29                          @updates                  
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                     3.3.10-1.fc29                          @updates                  
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                      3.3.19-1.fc29                          @updates                  
setup.noarch                                      2.12.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
setuptool.x86_64                                  1.19.11-17.fc29                        @fedora                   
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                             1.42-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
sgabios-bin.noarch                                1:0.20180715git-1.fc29                 @fedora                   
sgpio.x86_64                                      1.2.0.10-22.fc29                       @fedora                   
shadow-utils.x86_64                               2:4.6-4.fc29                           @updates                  
shared-mime-info.x86_64                           1.12-1.fc29                            @updates                  
sheepdog.x86_64                                   1.0.1-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
shim-ia32.x86_64                                  15-7                                   @fedora                   
shim-x64.x86_64                                   15-7                                   @fedora                   
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                       1.200-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                          0.100-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                            2.1.1-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                           3.003-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
simple-scan.x86_64                                3.30.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
skkdic.noarch                                     20181016-1.T1609.fc29                  @updates                  
skypeforlinux.x86_64                              8.34.0.78-1                            @skype-stable             
slang.x86_64                                      2.3.2-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
smc-fonts-common.noarch                           6.1-10.fc29                            @fedora                   
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                            6.1-10.fc29                            @fedora                   
snappy.x86_64                                     1.1.7-8.fc29                           @updates                  
sni-qt.x86_64                                     0.2.6-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
sos.noarch                                        3.7-1.fc29                             @updates                  
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                    0.8-10.fc29                            @fedora                   
soundtouch.x86_64                                 2.1.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
soxr.x86_64                                       0.1.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
spax.x86_64                                       1.5.3-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                          0.8.8-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                0.8.8-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
speex.x86_64                                      1.2.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
speexdsp.x86_64                                   1.2-0.14.rc3.fc29                      @fedora                   
spice-glib.x86_64                                 0.35-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                 0.35-3.fc29                            @fedora                   
spice-server.x86_64                               0.14.1-2.fc29                          @updates                  
spice-vdagent.x86_64                              0.18.0-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                           2018.4-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
sqlite.x86_64                                     3.26.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
sqlite-libs.i686                                  3.26.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                3.26.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
sshpass.x86_64                                    1.06-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
sssd.x86_64                                       2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-ad.x86_64                                    2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-client.x86_64                                2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-common.x86_64                                2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                            2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                   2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                   2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                  2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                           2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                  2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                             2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                 2.1.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
startup-notification.x86_64                       0.12-16.fc29                           @fedora                   
steam.i686                                        1.0.0.59-9.fc29                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
stix-fonts.noarch                                 1.1.0-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
stoken-libs.x86_64                                0.91-6.fc29                            @fedora                   
stress.x86_64                                     1.0.4-21.fc29                          @fedora                   
sudo.x86_64                                       1.8.27-1.fc29                          @updates                  
suitesparse.x86_64                                4.4.6-16.fc29                          @fedora                   
sushi.x86_64                                      3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
switcheroo-control.x86_64                         1.1-6.fc29                             @fedora                   
symlinks.x86_64                                   1.4-21.fc29                            @fedora                   
syslinux.x86_64                                   6.04-0.8.fc28                          @System                   
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                          6.04-0.8.fc28                          @System                   
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                 6.04-0.8.fc28                          @System                   
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                          6.04-0.8.fc28                          @System                   
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                 1.5.11-15.fc29                         @updates                  
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                 1.5.11-15.fc29                         @updates                  
systemd.x86_64                                    239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemd-bootchart.x86_64                          233-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
systemd-container.x86_64                          239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemd-devel.x86_64                              239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemd-libs.i686                                 239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemd-libs.x86_64                               239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemd-pam.x86_64                                239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemd-udev.x86_64                               239-12.git8bca462.fc29                 @updates                  
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                        4.1-0.20190327git2ede4cecb20c.fc29     @updates                  
tabish-eeyek-fonts.noarch                         1.0-13.fc29                            @fedora                   
taglib.x86_64                                     1.11.1-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
tar.x86_64                                        2:1.30-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
task.x86_64                                       2.5.1-10.fc29                          @updates                  
tbb.x86_64                                        2018.5-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
tcl.x86_64                                        1:8.6.8-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
tcl-devel.x86_64                                  1:8.6.8-2.fc29                         @fedora                   
tcp_wrappers.x86_64                               7.6-92.fc29                            @fedora                   
tcp_wrappers-libs.i686                            7.6-92.fc29                            @fedora                   
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                          7.6-92.fc29                            @fedora                   
tcpdump.x86_64                                    14:4.9.2-6.fc29                        @fedora                   
teamd.x86_64                                      1.27-10.fc29                           @fedora                   
teckit.x86_64                                     2.5.7-2.fc28                           @System                   
telepathy-filesystem.noarch                       0.0.2-13.fc29                          @fedora                   
telepathy-glib.x86_64                             0.24.1-9.fc29                          @fedora                   
telepathy-idle.x86_64                             0.2.0-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
telepathy-logger.x86_64                           0.8.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
telepathy-mission-control.x86_64                  1:5.16.4-7.fc29                        @fedora                   
telnet.x86_64                                     1:0.17-75.fc29                         @updates                  
texinfo.x86_64                                    6.5-11.fc29                            @fedora                   
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                6.5-11.fc29                            @fedora                   
texlive.noarch                                    8:2018-25.fc29                         @updates                  
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                          8:svn47405-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ae.noarch                                 8:svn15878.1.4-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-algorithms.noarch                         8:svn42428-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-amscls.noarch                             8:svn46099-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                           8:svn29208.3.04-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-amsmath.noarch                            8:svn47349-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-anysize.noarch                            8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-attachfile.noarch                         8:svn42099-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                       8:svn23723.0.6-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-avantgar.noarch                           8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-babel.noarch                              8:svn47932-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-babel-english.noarch                      8:svn44495-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-babelbib.noarch                           8:svn25245.1.31-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-base.x86_64                               7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-beamer.noarch                             8:svn46705-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-bera.noarch                               8:svn20031.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-beton.noarch                              8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                             7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-bidi.noarch                               8:svn48397-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-bookman.noarch                            8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-booktabs.noarch                           8:svn40846-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-braket.noarch                             8:svn17127.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-breakurl.noarch                           8:svn29901.1.40-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-breqn.noarch                              8:svn43071-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-caption.noarch                            8:svn47968-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-carlisle.noarch                           8:svn47876-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-changepage.noarch                         8:svn15878.1.0c-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-charter.noarch                            8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                           8:svn47577-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-cite.noarch                               8:svn36428.5.5-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-cm.noarch                                 8:svn45811-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-cm-super.noarch                           8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-cmap.noarch                               8:svn42428-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-cmextra.noarch                            8:svn42428-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-collectbox.noarch                         8:svn26557.0.4b-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                   8:svn45851-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch        8:svn35830.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                   8:svn41614-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch        8:svn45955-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-colortbl.noarch                           8:svn47614-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-courier.noarch                            8:svn35058.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-crop.noarch                               8:svn15878.1.5-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-csquotes.noarch                           8:svn47564-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ctable.noarch                             8:svn38672-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-currfile.noarch                           8:svn40725-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                           7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-dvips.x86_64                              7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ec.noarch                                 8:svn25033.1.0-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-eepic.noarch                              8:svn15878.1.1e-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-enctex.noarch                             8:svn34957.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-enumitem.noarch                           8:svn24146.3.5.2-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-environ.noarch                            8:svn33821.0.3-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-epsf.noarch                               8:svn21461.2.7.4-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                            8:svn47694-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-etex.noarch                               8:svn37057.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                           8:svn41784-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                           8:svn46602-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-euenc.noarch                              8:svn19795.0.1h-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-euler.noarch                              8:svn42428-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-euro.noarch                               8:svn22191.1.1-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                            8:svn25714-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-eurosym.noarch                            8:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-25.fc29         @updates                  
texlive-extsizes.noarch                           8:svn17263.1.4a-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-fancybox.noarch                           8:svn18304.1.4-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                           8:svn44730-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-fancyref.noarch                           8:svn15878.0.9c-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                           8:svn18492.2.8-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-filecontents.noarch                       8:svn47890-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-filehook.noarch                           8:svn24280.0.5d-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-finstrut.noarch                           8:svn21719.0.5-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-fix2col.noarch                            8:svn38770-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-float.noarch                              8:svn15878.1.3d-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-fontspec.noarch                           8:svn48320-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-footmisc.noarch                           8:svn23330.5.5b-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-fp.noarch                                 8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-fpl.noarch                                8:svn15878.1.002-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-geometry.noarch                           8:svn47638-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                          7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-graphics.noarch                           8:svn47350-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                       8:svn40269-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                       8:svn46267-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                            7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-helvetic.noarch                           8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-hyperref.noarch                           8:svn46583-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                          8:svn48290-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                        8:svn48303-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ifetex.noarch                             8:svn47231-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ifluatex.noarch                           8:svn47293-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                            8:svn47544-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                          8:svn40726-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                         8:svn45533-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-iftex.noarch                              8:svn29654.0.2-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-ifxetex.noarch                            8:svn19685.0.5-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-inconsolata.noarch                        8:svn46319-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-index.noarch                              8:svn24099.4.1beta-25.fc29             @updates                  
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                           8:svn19440.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-kastrup.noarch                            8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                          8:svn35820.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                        8:svn38627-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-koma-script.noarch                        8:svn47249-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                           7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                     8:svn47705-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                           8:svn48022-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-l3packages.noarch                         8:svn47705-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-latex.noarch                              7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                        8:svn28888.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-latexbug.noarch                           8:svn45559-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                        8:svn45777-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-lib.x86_64                                7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-lineno.noarch                             8:svn21442.4.41-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-listings.noarch                           8:svn37534.1.6-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-lm.noarch                                 8:svn48145-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-lm-math.noarch                            8:svn36915.1.959-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                           8:svn17533.1.74d-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                            8:svn21927.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                     8:svn29349.0.7.0-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-luabidi.noarch                            8:svn30790.0.2-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                      8:svn44621-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-lualibs.noarch                            8:svn43153-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                         7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-luatex.x86_64                             7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                         8:svn38550-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-lwarp.noarch                              7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-makecmds.noarch                           8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                          7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                        8:svn45777-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-marginnote.noarch                         8:svn48383-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-marvosym.noarch                           8:svn29349.2.2a-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                           8:svn15878.1.003-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-mathspec.noarch                           8:svn42773-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-mathtools.noarch                          8:svn46250-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                           8:svn15878.1.05.4-25.fc29              @updates                  
texlive-memoir.noarch                             8:svn47305-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-metafont.x86_64                           7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-metalogo.noarch                           8:svn18611.0.12-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-mflogo.noarch                             8:svn42428-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                        8:svn36898.1.002-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                             8:svn46036-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-mfware.x86_64                             7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-microtype.noarch                          8:svn46323-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-minitoc.noarch                            8:svn48196-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                           8:svn18651.1.4-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-mparhack.noarch                           8:svn15878.1.4-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                            7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ms.noarch                                 8:svn42428-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-multido.noarch                            8:svn18302.1.42-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-natbib.noarch                             8:svn20668.8.31b-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                           8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-notoccite.noarch                          8:svn18129.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                           8:svn15878.2.1a-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                           7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-obsolete.noarch                           8:2018-25.fc29                         @updates                  
texlive-overpic.noarch                            8:svn45500-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-palatino.noarch                           8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-paralist.noarch                           8:svn43021-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-parallel.noarch                           8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-parskip.noarch                            8:svn19963.2.0-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                           8:svn45659-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                             7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pgf.noarch                                8:svn44231-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pgfplots.noarch                           8:svn47373-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pict2e.noarch                             8:svn39591-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-placeins.noarch                           8:svn19848.2.2-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-plain.noarch                              8:svn43076-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                        8:svn47392-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-powerdot.noarch                           8:svn45165-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-psfrag.noarch                             8:svn15878.3.04-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pslatex.noarch                            8:svn16416.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-psnfss.noarch                             8:svn33946.9.2a-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pspicture.noarch                          8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                             8:svn17257.1.10-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                           8:svn15878.2.0-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                           8:svn37377.1.07-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                            8:svn15878.1.0-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                           8:svn15878.1.01-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                           8:svn15878.1.06-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-math.noarch                           8:svn34786.0.63-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-node.noarch                           8:svn46170-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                            8:svn45506-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                            7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                           8:svn47163-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                           8:svn24391.1.31-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-text.noarch                           8:svn15878.1.00-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                          8:svn45978-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                           8:svn43272-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pstricks.noarch                           8:svn48256-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                       8:svn46541-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                            8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-qstest.noarch                             8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-rcs.noarch                                8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-realscripts.noarch                        8:svn39706-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-revtex.noarch                             8:svn19652.4.1r-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-rsfs.noarch                               8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-sansmath.noarch                           8:svn17997.1.1-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                     8:svn30187.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-sauerj.noarch                             8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                       8:svn25923.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-section.noarch                            8:svn20180.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-seminar.noarch                            8:svn34011.1.62-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-sepnum.noarch                             8:svn20186.2.0-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-setspace.noarch                           8:svn24881.6.7a-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-showexpl.noarch                           8:svn42677-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-soul.noarch                               8:svn15878.2.4-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-stringstrings.noarch                      8:svn36203.1.23-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-subfig.noarch                             8:svn15878.1.3-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-subfigure.noarch                          8:svn15878.2.1.5-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-symbol.noarch                             8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-tetex.noarch                              7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-tex.x86_64                                7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                           8:svn48058-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                      8:svn41264-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                      8:svn40533-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texconfig.noarch                          7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                 8:svn44191-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                   8:svn45575-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                         7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch           8:svn48373-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                    7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                      7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-textcase.noarch                           8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                           7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-times.noarch                              8:svn35058.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-tipa.noarch                               8:svn29349.1.3-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-titlesec.noarch                           8:svn40129-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-tools.noarch                              8:svn47671-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-translator.noarch                         8:svn46231-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                         8:svn15878.1.1-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-txfonts.noarch                            8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-type1cm.noarch                            8:svn21820.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-typehtml.noarch                           8:svn17134.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                           8:svn38907-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-ucs.noarch                                8:svn35853.2.2-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-ulem.noarch                               8:svn26785.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-underscore.noarch                         8:svn18261.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                       8:svn48003-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                       8:svn48309-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                         8:svn48150-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-upquote.noarch                            8:svn26059.v1.3-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-url.noarch                                8:svn32528.3.4-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-utopia.noarch                             8:svn15878.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-varwidth.noarch                           8:svn24104.0.92-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-wasy.noarch                               8:svn35831.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-wasy2-ps.noarch                           8:svn35830.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-wasysym.noarch                            8:svn15878.2.0-25.fc29                 @updates                  
texlive-xcolor.noarch                             8:svn41044-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                               7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-xetex.x86_64                              7:20180414-35.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                        8:svn45845-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-xifthen.noarch                            8:svn38929-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                            8:svn35741.2.7a-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                            8:svn39453-25.fc29                     @updates                  
texlive-xstring.noarch                            8:svn31900.1.7c-25.fc29                @updates                  
texlive-xunicode.noarch                           8:svn30466.0.981-25.fc29               @updates                  
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                           8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
texlive-zapfding.noarch                           8:svn31835.0-25.fc29                   @updates                  
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                 0.6.5-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
tidy.x86_64                                       5.6.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
time.x86_64                                       1.9-5.fc29                             @fedora                   
timedatex.x86_64                                  0.5-5.fc29                             @fedora                   
tk.x86_64                                         1:8.6.8-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
tk-devel.x86_64                                   1:8.6.8-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
tmux.x86_64                                       2.8-2.fc29                             @updates                  
totem.x86_64                                      1:3.30.0-1.fc29                        @updates                  
totem-nautilus.x86_64                             1:3.30.0-1.fc29                        @updates                  
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                            3.26.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
tpm2-abrmd.x86_64                                 2.0.3-2.fc29                           @updates                  
tpm2-abrmd-selinux.noarch                         2.0.0-3.fc29                           @updates                  
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                 3.1.4-1.fc29                           @updates                  
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                   2.1.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
traceroute.x86_64                                 3:2.1.0-7.fc29                         @fedora                   
tracker.x86_64                                    2.1.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
tracker-miners.x86_64                             2.1.6-1.fc29                           @updates                  
tre.x86_64                                        0.8.0-24.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc29       @updates                  
tre-common.noarch                                 0.8.0-24.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc29       @updates                  
tre-devel.x86_64                                  0.8.0-24.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc29       @updates                  
tree.x86_64                                       1.8.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
trousers.x86_64                                   0.3.13-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                               0.3.13-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                   3.0.9-55.fc29                          @fedora                   
twolame-libs.x86_64                               0.3.13-12.fc29                         @fedora                   
tzdata.noarch                                     2019a-1.fc29                           @updates                  
tzdata-java.noarch                                2019a-1.fc29                           @updates                  
u2f-hidraw-policy.x86_64                          1.0.2-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
ubu-keyring.noarch                                2018.02.28-2.fc29                      @fedora                   
uchardet.x86_64                                   0.0.6-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
udisks2.x86_64                                    2.8.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
unbound-libs.x86_64                               1.8.3-2.fc29                           @updates                  
unibilium.x86_64                                  2.0.0-3.fc29                           @updates                  
unicode-ucd.noarch                                12.0.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
unoconv.noarch                                    0.7-8.fc29                             @fedora                   
unzip.x86_64                                      6.0-42.fc29                            @updates                  
upower.x86_64                                     0.99.10-1.fc29                         @updates                  
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                   20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                      20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                  20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                           20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                    20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                    20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch            20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch              20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch               20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                      20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch       20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                      20170801-11.fc29                       @fedora                   
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                             2.5.2-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                        20170806-3.fc29                        @fedora                   
usbmuxd.x86_64                                    1.1.0-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
usbredir.x86_64                                   0.8.0-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
usbutils.x86_64                                   010-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
usermode.x86_64                                   1.112-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
userspace-rcu.x86_64                              0.10.1-4.fc29                          @fedora                   
util-linux.x86_64                                 2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
util-linux-user.x86_64                            2.32.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                            2.7.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
vconfig.x86_64                                    1.9-25.fc29                            @fedora                   
vid.stab.x86_64                                   1.1.0-9.20180529git38ecbaf.fc29        @fedora                   
vim-common.x86_64                                 2:8.1.1137-1.fc29                      @updates                  
vim-enhanced.x86_64                               2:8.1.1137-1.fc29                      @updates                  
vim-filesystem.noarch                             2:8.1.1137-1.fc29                      @updates                  
vim-minimal.x86_64                                2:8.1.1137-1.fc29                      @updates                  
vino.x86_64                                       3.22.0-11.fc29                         @fedora                   
virglrenderer.x86_64                              0.6.0-6.20170210git76b3da97b.fc29      @fedora                   
vlgothic-fonts.noarch                             20141206-12.fc29                       @fedora                   
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                0.1.3-8.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free           
volume_key-libs.x86_64                            0.3.12-2.fc29                          @updates                  
vpnc.x86_64                                       0.5.3-33.svn550.fc29                   @fedora                   
vpnc-script.noarch                                20171004-4.git6f87b0f.fc29             @updates                  
vte-profile.x86_64                                0.54.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
vte291.x86_64                                     0.54.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
vulkan-loader.i686                                1.1.92.0-1.fc29                        @updates                  
vulkan-loader.x86_64                              1.1.92.0-1.fc29                        @updates                  
w3m.x86_64                                        0.5.3-40.git20180125.fc29              @fedora                   
wavpack.x86_64                                    5.1.0-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                      5-8.fc29                               @fedora                   
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                2.22.7-1.fc29                          @updates                  
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                            2.22.7-1.fc29                          @updates                  
webkit2gtk3-plugin-process-gtk2.x86_64            2.22.7-1.fc29                          @updates                  
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                    0.3.1-1.fc29                           @fedora                   
weechat.x86_64                                    2.2-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
wget.x86_64                                       1.20.3-1.fc29                          @updates                  
which.x86_64                                      2.21-11.fc29                           @fedora                   
whois-mkpasswd.x86_64                             5.4.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
whois-nls.noarch                                  5.4.2-1.fc29                           @updates                  
wireless-tools.x86_64                             1:29-21.fc29                           @fedora                   
wkhtmltox.x86_64                                  1:0.12.5-1.centos7                     @@commandline             
woff2.x86_64                                      1.0.2-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
words.noarch                                      3.0-32.fc29                            @updates                  
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                             1:2.7-1.fc29                           @updates                  
wvdial.x86_64                                     1.61-21.fc29                           @updates                  
x264.x86_64                                       0.155-2.20180806git0a84d98.fc29        @rpmfusion-free-updates   
x264-libs.x86_64                                  0.155-2.20180806git0a84d98.fc29        @rpmfusion-free-updates   
x265-libs.x86_64                                  2.8-1.fc29                             @rpmfusion-free           
xcb-util.x86_64                                   0.4.0-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                            0.1.3-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
xcb-util-image.x86_64                             0.4.0-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                           0.4.0-9.fc29                           @fedora                   
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                        0.3.9-12.fc29                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                0.4.1-14.fc29                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                               1.3-2.fc29                             @fedora                   
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                             0.1.1-1.fc29                           @updates                  
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                         1.2.0-2.fc29                           @updates                  
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                     1.2.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                              0.17-2.fc29                            @fedora                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                          0.10-14.fc29                           @fedora                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                  1.1.3-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                          21.5.34-30.20171230hg92757c2b8239.fc29 @fedora                   
xen-libs.x86_64                                   4.11.1-4.fc29                          @updates                  
xen-licenses.x86_64                               4.11.1-4.fc29                          @updates                  
xfsprogs.x86_64                                   4.17.0-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                           2.24-4.fc29                            @fedora                   
xml-common.noarch                                 0.6.3-50.fc29                          @fedora                   
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                   1.51.0-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                            1.51.0-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
xmlsec1.x86_64                                    1.2.25-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                1.2.25-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                            1.2.25-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-apps.x86_64                              7.7-22.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                              1.7.1-8.fc29                           @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                           18.1.0-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                         2.10.6-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                         0.5.0-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                         2.99.917-39.20180618.fc29              @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                      0.28.2-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                       1:1.0.15-6.fc29                        @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                    0.6.0-6.fc29                           @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                           0.1.5-10.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                          2.4.0-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                        13.2.1-8.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                         0.36.1-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64          0.36.1-5.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                        1:7.5-40.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                       7.5-20.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                       7.5-20.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                        7.5-20.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                       2018.4-2.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                       1.20.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                       1.20.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                   1.20.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                     1.20.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-devel.x86_64                      1.20.4-1.fc29                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                      7.7-26.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-util-macros.noarch                       1.19.2-3.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                             7.5-29.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                             1:1.0.9-13.fc29                        @fedora                   
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                          1.1.1-15.fc29                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                             1.4.0-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                         7.7-27.fc29                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel.noarch                      1.3.5-7.fc29                           @fedora                   
xrestop.x86_64                                    0.4-22.fc29                            @fedora                   
xsel.x86_64                                       1.2.0-23.fc29                          @fedora                   
xterm-resize.x86_64                               334-1.fc29                             @fedora                   
xvidcore.x86_64                                   1.3.5-4.fc29                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
xz.x86_64                                         5.2.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
xz-devel.x86_64                                   5.2.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
xz-libs.i686                                      5.2.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
xz-libs.x86_64                                    5.2.4-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
yajl.x86_64                                       2.1.0-11.fc29                          @fedora                   
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                   0.6.1-4.fc29                           @fedora                   
yelp.x86_64                                       2:3.30.0-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
yelp-libs.x86_64                                  2:3.30.0-1.fc29                        @fedora                   
yelp-xsl.noarch                                   3.30.1-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
yp-tools.x86_64                                   4.2.3-2.fc29                           @fedora                   
ypbind.x86_64                                     3:2.5-3.fc29                           @fedora                   
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                1.1.0-1.fc29                           @updates                  
zd1211-firmware.noarch                            1.5-3.fc29                             @fedora                   
zenity.x86_64                                     3.30.0-1.fc29                          @fedora                   
zeromq.x86_64                                     4.1.6-11.fc29                          @updates                  
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                   0.7.2.2-6.fc27                         @anaconda                 
zip.x86_64                                        3.0-23.fc29                            @fedora                   
zlib.i686                                         1.2.11-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
zlib.x86_64                                       1.2.11-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
zlib-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.11-14.fc29                         @fedora                   
zsh.x86_64                                        5.6.2-3.fc29                           @updates                  
zstd.x86_64                                       1.3.8-1.fc29                           @updates                  
zvbi.x86_64                                       0.2.35-6.fc29                          @fedora                   
zziplib.x86_64                                    0.13.69-1.fc29                         @fedora                   
